# BundleReporter
*Back to [[Filters|Filters-RosettaScripts]] page.*<br/>
Documentation added 17 July 2015 by Vikram K. Mulligan (vmullig@uw.edu), Baker laboratory.

## BundleReporter

The BundleReporter writes all of the helical bundle parameters of a parametrically-generated pose (as might be created with the **[[MakeBundle|MakeBundleMover]]** or **[[BundleGridSampler|BundleGridSamplerMover]]** movers) to the logfile.  This filter is mainly intended as a reporter, though it can filter based on energy (much like the **[[ScoreType filter|ScoreTypeFilter]]**) if one so wishes.  Its default behaviour is to write bundle parameters and return "true" (always passing).

```xml
<BundleReporter name="(&string)" scorefxn="(&string)" score_type="('total_score' &string)" behavior="('ALWAYS_TRUE' &string)" threshold="(0.0 &Real)" report_sequence="(false &bool)" use_three_letter_code="(false &bool)" />
```
Options for this filter include:

-   **scorefxn**:  The scoring function that will be used to provide the score output.  This option must be set by the user, or an error will be thrown.
-   **score_type**:  The score term that will be used.  By default the full scoring function ("total_score") is used.
-   **behavior**:  This filter has three possible filtering behaviours.  It can be set to pass always ("ALWAYS_TRUE"), fail always ("ALWAYS_FALSE"), or filter based on the score ("FILTER").  Set to "ALWAYS_TRUE" by default.
-   **threshold**:  If behavior is set to "FILTER", energies above this value result in the filter failing (returning false).  Ignored if behavior is set to "ALWAYS_FALSE" or "ALWAYS_TRUE".  Set to 0.0 by default.
-   **report_sequence**:  If true, the report includes the bundle sequence.  False by default.
-   **use_three_letter_code**:  If true, the sequence reported is as a series of three-letter codes.  False (one-letter codes) by default.

## Suggested usage

This filter can be useful in cases in which one wants to do very large sampling runs with the **[[BundleGridSampler mover|BundleGridSamplerMover]]** to identify designable regions of parametric space, without producing PDB or silent file output.  In this case, one's protocol might be something like the following:

- A **[[BundleGridSampler mover|BundleGridSamplerMover]]**, probably in nstruct mode, to generate initial geometry.
- One or more filters to discard backbone configurations that are obviously "bad" (e.g. with mainchain clashes).  To this point, the protocol is extremely computationally inexpensive.
- One or more design movers (e.g. [[FastDesign|FastDesignMover]], with backbone fixed).  This is the relatively computationally expensive step.
- One or more filters to determine whether a design is "good".
- The **BundleReporter** filter to report parameters for those designs passing filters, with the "ALWAYS_FALSE" behaviour set so that no structures are written out to disk.

The script outlined above could be run with the ```-mute all``` and ```-unmute protocols.helical_bundle.BundleReporterFilter.REPORT``` flags.  These flags will mute all output <i>except</i> the reports generated by the filter, summarizing the helical bundle parameters for those designs passing filters.

## See also:

* [[BundleGridSampler mover|BundleGridSamplerMover]]
* [[PerturbBundle mover|PerturbBundleMover]]
* [[MakeBundle mover|MakeBundleMover]]