#MultistageRosettaScripts

#M.R.S. Jargon

Back To [[Multistage Rosetta Scripts|MultistageRosettaScripts]]

[[_TOC_]]

A lot of the [[Stage options|StageOptions]] are relatively verbose
but their behaviors are not necessarily clear based on the names alone.
In order to help the names make more sense, this page explains
the vocabulary I had in my head while writing these options.

##Trajectory

A trajectory is the sequence of movers and filters that a single pose experiences.

[[/images/multistage_rosetta_scripts/MRS_jargon_trajectory.png]]

##Input Struct

For Stage 1, every input file defined in the `<Job>` tag(s) is a single input struct.
For Stages 2+, every result from the previous stage is a single input struct.
I attempted to denote them pictorally below by placing black stars at the beginning of each stage.

[[/images/multistage_rosetta_scripts/MRS_jargon_input_struct.png]]

##Result

The poses that are generated by a stage are that stage's results.

[[/images/multistage_rosetta_scripts/MRS_jargon_result.png]]

##Instance

An instance is a single stage for a single pose.

[[/images/multistage_rosetta_scripts/MRS_jargon_instance.png]]

##See Also

* [[Multistage Rosetta Scripts|MultistageRosettaScripts]]
* [Introductory RosettaScripting Tutorial](https://www.rosettacommons.org/demos/latest/tutorials/scripting_with_rosettascripts/scripting_with_rosettascripts)
* [Advanced RosettaScripting Tutorial](https://www.rosettacommons.org/demos/latest/tutorials/advanced_scripting_with_rosettascripts/advanced_scripting_with_rosettascripts)
* [[Scripting Documentation]]: The Scripting Documentation home page
* [[Getting Started]]: A page for people new to Rosetta
* [[Application Documentation]]: Links to documentation for a variety of Rosetta applications
