#Filters (RosettaScripts)

[[Return to RosettaScripts|RosettaScripts]]

Each filter definition has the following format:

```
<"filter_name" name="&string" ... confidence="(1 &Real)"/>
```

where "filter\_name" belongs to a predefined set of possible filters that the parser recognizes and are listed below, name is a unique identifier for this mover definition and then any number of parameters that the filter needs to be defined.

If confidence is 1.0, then the filter is evaluated as in predicate logic (T/F). If the value is less than 0.999, then the filter is evaluated as fuzzy, so that it will return True in (1.0 - confidence) fraction of times it is probed. This should be useful for cases in which experimental data are ambiguous or uncertain.

[[_TOC_]]

## Predefined Filters

Simple filter which are available without explicitly defining them.

**[[TrueFilter]]** - Always passes.

**[[FalseFilter]]** - Never passes.

## Special Filters

Filters which are useful for combining, modifying or working with other filters and movers.

**[[CompoundStatement|CompoundStatementFilter]]** - Uses previously defined filters with logical operations to construct a compound filter.

**[[CombinedValue|CombinedValueFilter]]** - Weighted sum of multiple filters.

**[[CalculatorFilter]]** - Combine multiple filters with a mathematical expression.

**[[ReplicateFilter]]** - Repeat a filter multiple times and average.

**[[Boltzmann|BoltzmannFilter]]** - Boltzmann weighted sum of positive/negative filters.

**[[MoveBeforeFilter]]** - Apply a mover before applying the filter.

**[[Operator|OperatorFilter]]** - Apply a fuzzy logic operation to a set of filters.

**[[Sigmoid|SigmoidFilter]]** - Transform a filter's value according to a sigmoid function.

**[[IfThenFilter]]** - Evaluate to a value contingent on the true/false value of other filters.

**[[ContingentFilter]]** - A special filter that allows movers to set its value (pass/fail).

**[[PoseComment|PoseCommentFilter]]** - Test for the existence or the value of a comment in the pose.

**[[Range|RangeFilter]]** - Returns true if the value of a given filter is in a given range.

## General Filters

### Basic Filters

**[[ResidueCount|ResidueCountFilter]]** - Filter based on the total number of residues.

**[[NetCharge|NetChargeFilter]]** - Filter based on simple sum of protein charge.

### Energy/Score

**[[ScoreType|ScoreTypeFilter]]** - Filter based on a particular score term.

**[[TaskAwareScoreType|TaskAwareScoreTypeFilter]]** (Formerly AverageInterfaceEnergy) - Filter on score of "packable" residues.

**[[BindingStrain|BindingStrainFilter]]** - Filter on energetic strain in a bound monomer.

**[[ConstraintScore|ConstraintScoreFilter]]** - Filter that generates a score from a set of constraints generated by ConstraintGenerators

**[[Delta|DeltaFilter]]** - Compute difference from native of filter value.

**[[EnergyPerResidue|EnergyPerResidueFilter]]** - Filter on energy of specific selection (residue(s), interface, protein).

**[[Residue Interaction Energy|ResidueIEFilter]]** - Filter on energy of specific residue in the context of an interface or pose.

**[[ResidueSetChainEnergy|ResidueSetChainEnergyFilter]]** - Filter on energy of residue set (either in chain or selection).

### Distance

**[[ResidueDistance|ResidueDistanceFilter]]** - Filter based on the distance between two residues.

**[[AtomicContact|AtomicContactFilter]]** - Are any atoms on two residues within a cutoff distance?

**[[AtomicContactCount|AtomicContactCountFilter]]** - Count number of carbon-carbon contacts.

**[[AtomicDistance|AtomicDistanceFilter]]** - Filter based on the distance between two atoms.

**[[TerminusDistance|TerminusDistanceFilter]]** - Distance in sequence from either terminus to interface.

### Geometry

**[[AngleToVector|AngleToVectorFilter]]** - Filter on angle between two atoms on the first residue of a chain and a given vector.

**[[Torsion|TorsionFilter]]** - Filter based on the value of a dihedral.

**[[HelixPairing|HelixPairingFilter]]** - Filter structures based on the geometry of helix pairings.

**[[SecondaryStructure|SecondaryStructureFilter]]** - Filter structures based on secondary structure.

**[[SecondaryStructureCount|SecondaryStructureCountFilter]]** - Count number of a single secondary structure element. 

**[[SecondaryStructureHasResidue|SecondaryStructureHasResidueFilter]]** - Count fraction of secondary structure element positions containing specific residue.

**[[HelixKink|HelixKinkFilter]]** - Vaguely, filter based on helix topology.

**[[Geometry|GeometryFilter]]** - Bond geometry and omega angle constraints

**[[HSSTriplet|HSSTripletFilter]]** - Evaluate the given helix-strand-strand triplets. 

**[[PreProlineFilter|PreProlineFilter]]** - Check for bad torsions in residues before prolines

**[[LoopAnalyzerFilter]]** - Check for bad loop backbone geometries

### Packing/Connectivity

**[[CavityVolume|CavityVolumeFilter]]** - Always returns true, but calculates intra-protein cavity volume.

**[[AverageDegree|AverageDegreeFilter]]** - Count number of residues within a distance of another selection of residues.

**[[PackStat|PackStatFilter]]** - Compute packing statistics.

**[[InterfaceHoles|InterfaceHolesFilter]]** - Identify voids and protein-protein interfaces.

**[[NeighborType|NeighborTypeFilter]]** - Search for residue type within a radius of a target residue.

**[[ResInInterface|ResInInterfaceFilter]]** - Filter based on the total number of residues in the interface.

**[[ShapeComplementarity|ShapeComplementarityFilter]]** - Filter on shape complementarity of interface.

**[[SSShapeComplementarity|SSShapeComplementarityFilter]]** (SecondaryStructureShapeComplementarity) - Filter on secondary structure shape complementarity.

**[[SpecificResiduesNearInterface|SpecificResiduesNearInterfaceFilter]]** - Filter on specific residues near interface.

### Burial

**[[TotalSasa|TotalSasaFilter]]** - Filter based on the total solvent accessible surface area of the pose.

**[[Sasa|SasaFilter]]** - Filter based on the solvent accessible surface area of an *interface*.

**[[ResidueBurial|ResidueBurialFilter]]** - Number of residues within interaction distance across interface of target residue.

**[[ExposedHydrophobics|ExposedHydrophobicsFilter]]** - Computes the SASA for each hydrophobic residue.

### Comparison

**[[RelativePose|RelativePoseFilter]]** - Compute a filter's value relative to a different pose's structure.

**[[Rmsd|RmsdFilter]]** - Filter based on the C-alpha RMSD to a reference structure. 

**[[SidechainRmsd|SidechainRmsdFilter]]** - Compute RMSD for a single sidechain.

**[[IRmsd|IRmsdFilter]]** - Filter based on backbone RMSD over residues in the interface.

**[[SequenceRecovery|SequenceRecoveryFilter]]** - Calculates the fraction sequence recovery of a pose compared to a reference pose. 

### Bonding

**[[HbondsToResidue|HbondsToResidueFilter]]** - Filter on number of h-bonding partners to a residue.

**[[SimpleHbondsToAtom|SimpleHbondsToAtomFilter]]** - Filter on number of h-bonding partners to an atom(s) with significantly simpler logic than HbondsToAtom.

**[[HbondsToAtom|HbondsToAtomFilter]]** - Filter on number of h-bonding partners to an atom(s).

**[[BuriedUnsatHbonds|BuriedUnsatHbondsFilter]]** - Filter on maximum number of buried unsatisfied h-bonds.

**[[BuriedUnsatHbonds2|BuriedUnsatHbonds2Filter]]** - Filter on number of unsatisfied h-bonds at interfaces (different algorithm from filter above, currently devel only).

**[[OversaturatedHbondAcceptorFilter]]** - Filter on number of hydrogen bond acceptors that are receiving hydrogen bonds from more than the allowed number of donors.

**[[DisulfideFilter]]** - Filter based on the presence of a disulfide across an interface.

**[[AveragePathLength|AveragePathLengthFilter]]** - Compute shortest graph path length where residues are nodes and covalent bonds are edges.

**[[DisulfideEntropy|DisulfideEntropyFilter]]** - Compute the change in configurational entropy due to disulfide bond formation.

## Report Filters

These filters are used primarily for the reports they generate in the log and/or score and silent files, more so than their ability to end a run.

**[[BundleReporter|BundleReporterFilter]]** - Report the helical bundle parameters and energy of a parametrically-generated pose.

**[[DesignableResidues|DesignableResiduesFilter]]** - Report which residues are designable.

**[[Expiry|ExpiryFilter]]** - Filter based on length of simulation (in seconds).

**[[FileExist|FileExistFilter]]** - Does a file exist on disk?

**[[FileRemove|FileRemoveFilter]]** - Remove a file from disk.

**[[RelativeSegmentFilter]]** - Reports the numbers of residues that align with a segment on source pose.

**[[Report|ReportFilter]]** - This filter reports the value of another filter with the current job name.

**[[RotamerBoltzmannWeight|RotamerBoltzmannWeightFilter]]** - Reports the Boltzmann probability for the occurrence of a rotamer.

**[[RotamerBoltzmannWeight2|RotamerBoltzmannWeight2Filter]]** - Reports the Boltzmann probability for the occurrence of the specific rotamers in a given residue subset. Multiple methods for computing probability and scoring are available.

**[[StemFinder|StemFinderFilter]]** - Compare PDBs to template to identify stems for splicing segments.

**[[AlaScan|AlaScanFilter]]** - Reports ddG of alanine scanning.

**[[DdGScan|DdGScanFilter]]** - Reports ddG of alanine scanning on specific residues. This filter used to be named "TaskAwareAlaScanFilter".

**[[FilterScan|FilterScanFilter]]** - Scan all mutations allowed by task\_operations and test against a filter.

**[[Time|TimeFilter]]** - Report how long a sequence of movers/filters takes.

**[[PeptideDeriver|PeptideDeriverFilter]]** - Derive linear peptide contributing most to binding energy.

**[[PoseInfo|PoseInfoFilter]]** - Report basic information about the pose to the tracer.

**[[SaveResfileToDisk|SaveResfileToDiskFilter]]** - Save resfile to output directory.

**[[SSPrediction|SSPredictionFilter]]** - Generate secondary structure predictions from sequence.

## Special Application Filters

### Binding

**[[Ddg|DdgFilter]]** - Filter based on the binding energy.

**[[InterfaceBindingEnergyDensityFilter]]** - Filter based on ddG dived by SASA (using the respective filters).

### Ligand docking and enzyme design

**[[DSasa|DSasaFilter]]** - Filter on delta SASA for bound/unbound ligand.

**[[DiffAtomBurial|DiffAtomBurialFilter]]** - Compares the DSasa of two specified atoms and checks to see if one is greater or less than other.

**[[LigInterfaceEnergy|LigInterfaceEnergyFilter]]** - Filter based on binding energy of a ligand.

**[[EnzScore|EnzScoreFilter]]** - Calculates scores of a pose taking into account (or not) enzdes style cst_energy.

**[[RepackWithoutLigand|RepackWithoutLigandFilter]]** - Calculates delta_energy or RMSD of protein residues in a protein-ligand interface when the ligand is removed and the interface repacked.

### Ligand design

**[[HeavyAtom|HeavyAtomFilter]]** - Filter based on the number of heavy atoms in a residue.

**[[CompleteConnections|CompleteConnectionsFilter]]** - Filter based on unfulfilled connections.

### Hotspot Design

**[[StubScore|StubScoreFilter]]** - Filter based on if the scaffold is 'feeling' any of the hotspot stub constraints.

<!--- BEGIN_INTERNAL -->

### MatDes

**[[OligomericAverageDegree|OligomericAverageDegreeFilter]]** - A version of the AverageDegree filter (see above) that is compatible with oligomeric building blocks.

**[[SymUnsatHbonds|SymUnsatHbondsFilter]]** - Filter on maximum number of buried unsatisfied H-bonds allowed across an interface.

**[[ClashCheck|ClashCheckFilter]]** - Calculate the number of heavy atoms clashing between building blocks.

**[[InterfacePacking|InterfacePackingFilter]]** - Calculates Will Sheffler's holes score for atoms at inter-building block interfaces.

**[[MutationsFilter|MutationsFilter]]** - Determines mutated residues in current pose as compared to a reference pose. 

**[[GetRBDOFValues|GetRBDOFValuesFilter]]** - Calculates either the current translation or rotation across a user specified jump.

<!--- END_INTERNAL -->

### Backbone Design

**[[Foldability|FoldabilityFilter]]** - Rebuilds a given segment of an input pose a specified number of times using fragment-based assembly.

### Cyclic Peptide Design

**[[CycpepSymmetryFilter|CycpepSymmetryFilter]]** - Determines whether a cyclic peptide backbone has a desired cyclic symmetry, and passes if and only if it does.  Works with c2, c3, c4, _etc._ symmetry, as well as with c2/m, c4/m, c6/m, _etc._ symmetry.

##See Also

* [[RosettaScripts]]: The RosettaScripts home page
* [[Conventions in RosettaScripts|RosettaScripts-Conventions]]
* [[RosettaScripts Movers|Movers-RosettaScripts]]
* [[RosettaScripts TaskOperations|TaskOperations-RosettaScripts]]
* [[I want to do x]]: Guide for making specific structural perturbations using RosettaScripts
* [[Scripting Documentation]]: The Scripting Documentation home page
* [[Solving a Biological Problem]]: Guide to approaching biological problems using Rosetta
* [[Getting Started]]: A page for people new to Rosetta
* [[Glossary]]
* [[RosettaEncyclopedia]]

