<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
Generates distance, angle, and dihedral constraints for the specified metal atom in the selected ligand residue

```xml
<MetalContactsConstraintGenerator name="(&string;)"
        dist_cutoff_multiplier="(1.0 &real;)" ligand_atom_name="(&string;)"
        ligand_selector="(&string;)" contact_selector="(&string;)"
        ligand_resnum="(&positive_integer;)"
        contact_resnums="(&refpose_enabled_residue_number_cslist;)"
        base_atom_name="(&string;)" base_base_atom_name="(&string;)"
        ideal_distance="(&real;)" ideal_angle_about_contact="(&real_cslist;)"
        ideal_dihedral_about_contact="(&real_cslist;)"
        ideal_angle_about_metal="(&real_cslist;)"
        ideal_dihedral_about_metal="(&real_cslist;)"
        ideal_dihedral_3="(&real_cslist;)"
        score_against_internal_contacts="(false &bool;)"
        constrain_to_closest="(true &bool;)" />
```

-   **dist_cutoff_multiplier**: Multiply van der Waals radii of metal and contact atom by this value during contact detection.
-   **ligand_atom_name**: (REQUIRED) Name of ligand metal atom you want to constrain.
-   **ligand_selector**: Residue selector specifying which metal-containing ligand to constrain
-   **contact_selector**: Residue selector restricting which residues should be considered as potential ligand contacts.
-   **ligand_resnum**: Residue number for ligand to be constrained
-   **contact_resnums**: Residue numbers for residues that could be considered as contacts. If neither this option nor a residue selector is specified, then all residues are considered.
-   **base_atom_name**: Name of atom to use as base of contact atoms for angles/dihedrals. Defaults to residue's base atom for contact atom.
-   **base_base_atom_name**: Name of atom to use as base of base of contact atoms for angles/dihedrals. Defaults to residue's base atom.
-   **ideal_distance**: Ideal distance between constrained metal and contact atom. Defaults to current distance.
-   **ideal_angle_about_contact**: Comma-separated list of possible optimal angles, base-contact-metal. Defaults to current angle.
-   **ideal_dihedral_about_contact**: Comma-separated list of possible optimal dihedrals, base_base-base-contact-metal. Defaults to current dihedral.
-   **ideal_angle_about_metal**: Comma-separated list of possible optimal angles, contact-metal-other_contact. Defaults to current angle.
-   **ideal_dihedral_about_metal**: Comma-separated list of possible optimal dihedrals, base-contact-metal-other_contact. Defaults to current dihedral.
-   **ideal_dihedral_3**: Comma-separated list of possible optimal dihedrals, contact-metal-other_contact-other_base. Defaults to current dihedral.
-   **score_against_internal_contacts**: Should we score angles and dihedrals vs other atoms in the ligand?
-   **constrain_to_closest**: When multiple ideal values are provided for an angle/dihedral, constrain to the one that is closest to the current value

---
