<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
Generates atom pair constraints between specified residues

```xml
<AtomPairConstraintGenerator name="(&string;)" native="(false &bool;)"
        sd="(&real;)" weight="(&real;)" ca_only="(&bool;)"
        use_harmonic="(false &bool;)" unweighted="(false &bool;)"
        max_distance="(&real;)" min_seq_sep="(&non_negative_integer;)"
        residue_selector="(&string;)" secondary_selector="(&string;)" />
```

-   **native**: Restrain to native distance?
-   **sd**: Standard deviation for distance constraint
-   **weight**: Weight of distance constraint
-   **ca_only**: Only make constraints between alpha carbons
-   **use_harmonic**: If true, use harmonic function instead of SOG function
-   **unweighted**: If true, SCALARWEIGHTEDFUNC is not added to the constraint definition
-   **max_distance**: Do not add constraints if atoms are farther apart than this
-   **min_seq_sep**: Minimum sequence separation between constrained residues
-   **residue_selector**: Selector specifying residues to be constrained. When not provided, all residues are selected. The name of a previously declared residue selector or a logical expression of AND, NOT (!), OR, parentheses, and the names of previously declared residue selectors. Any capitalization of AND, NOT, and OR is accepted. An exclamation mark can be used instead of NOT. Boolean operators have their traditional priorities: NOT then AND then OR. For example, if selectors s1, s2, and s3 have been declared, you could write: 's1 or s2 and not s3' which would select a particular residue if that residue were selected by s1 or if it were selected by s2 but not by s3.
-   **secondary_selector**: With a secondary selector, constraints are generated between the residues of primary selector vs. secondary selector. min_seq_seq does not apply here, but max_distance does. The name of a previously declared residue selector or a logical expression of AND, NOT (!), OR, parentheses, and the names of previously declared residue selectors. Any capitalization of AND, NOT, and OR is accepted. An exclamation mark can be used instead of NOT. Boolean operators have their traditional priorities: NOT then AND then OR. For example, if selectors s1, s2, and s3 have been declared, you could write: 's1 or s2 and not s3' which would select a particular residue if that residue were selected by s1 or if it were selected by s2 but not by s3.

---
