<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
An EnsembleMetric which performs PCA analysis in degree-of-freedom space, determining the major degrees of freedom of motion of a molecule given a perturbed conformational ensemble.  The analysis can be biased by the energies of the ensemble of conformations, allowing major degrees of freedom of allowed motion to be determined.

```xml
<PrincipalComponentAnalysis name="(&string;)" label_prefix="(&string;)"
        label_suffix="(&string;)" output_mode="(tracer &string;)"
        output_filename="(&string;)" ensemble_generating_protocol="(&string;)"
        ensemble_generating_protocol_repeats="(1 &non_negative_integer;)"
        n_threads="(1 &non_negative_integer;)"
        use_additional_output_from_last_mover="(false &bool;)"
        scorefxn="(&string;)" bias_by_energy="(true &bool;)" kbt="(0.62 &real;)"
        rescore="(true &bool;)" use_bb_dofs="(true &bool;)"
        use_bb_length_angle_dofs="(false &bool;)" use_sc_dofs="(false &bool;)"
        use_sc_length_angle_dofs="(false &bool;)"
        use_ligand_dofs="(true &bool;)"
        use_ligand_length_angle_dofs="(false &bool;)"
        use_rigidbody_dofs="(true &bool;)"
        use_cart_bb_heavyatom_dofs="(false &bool;)"
        use_cart_bb_hydrogen_dofs="(false &bool;)"
        use_cart_sc_heavyatom_dofs="(false &bool;)"
        use_cart_sc_hydrogen_dofs="(false &bool;)"
        use_cart_ligand_heavyatom_dofs="(false &bool;)"
        use_cart_ligand_hydrogen_dofs="(false &bool;)" bb_selector="(&string;)"
        sc_selector="(&string;)" ligand_selector="(&string;)"
        rigidbody_selector="(&string;)" cart_bb_selector="(&string;)"
        cart_sc_selector="(&string;)" cart_ligand_selector="(&string;)" />
```

-   **label_prefix**: If provided, this prefix is prepended to the label for this ensemble metric (with an underscore after the prefix and before the ensemble metric name).
-   **label_suffix**: If provided, this suffix is appended to the label for this ensemble metric (with an underscore after the ensemble metric name and before the suffix).
-   **output_mode**: The output mode for reports from this ensemble metric.  Default is 'tracer'.  Allowed modes are: 'tracer', 'tracer_and_file', or 'file'.
-   **output_filename**: The file to which the ensemble metric report will be written if output mode is 'tracer_and_file' or 'file'.  Note that this filename will have the job name and number prepended so that each report is unique.
-   **ensemble_generating_protocol**: An optional ParsedProtocol or other mover for generating an ensemble from the current pose.  This protocol will be applied repeatedly (ensemble_generating_protocol_repeats times) to generate the ensemble of structures.  Each generated pose will be measured by this metric, then discarded.  The ensemble properties are then reported.  If not provided, the current pose is measured and the report will be produced later (e.g. at termination with the JD2 rosetta_scripts application).
-   **ensemble_generating_protocol_repeats**: The number of times that the ensemble_generating_protocol is applied.  This is the maximum number of structures in the ensemble (though the actual number may be smaller if the protocol contains filters or movers that can fail for some attempts).  Only used if an ensemble-generating protocol is provided with the ensemble_generating_protocol option.  Defaults to 1.
-   **n_threads**: The number of threads to request for generating ensembles in parallel.  This is only used in multi-threaded compilations of Rosetta (compiled with extras=cxx11thread), and only when an ensemble-generating protocol is provided with the ensemble_generating_protocol option.  A value of 0 means to use all available threads.  In single-threaded builds, this must be set to 0 or 1.  Defaults to 1.  NOTE THAT MULTI-THREADING IS HIGHLY EXPERIMENTAL AND LIKELY TO FAIL FOR MANY ENSEMBLE-GENERATING PROTOCOLS.  When in doubt, leave this set to 1.
-   **use_additional_output_from_last_mover**: If true, this ensemble metric will use the additional output from the previous pose (assuming the previous pose generates multiple outputs) as the ensemble, analysing it and producing a report immediately.  If false, then it will behave normally.  False by default.
-   **scorefxn**: A scoring function that will be used to score each pose seen by this ensemble metric.  The lowest-energy pose will be used as the starting centre of the DoF distribution when finding the true centre mean.  If bias_by_energy is true, all scores will be used when biasing each pose's contribution to the distribution.  If not provided, the scorefunction specified on the commandline is used by default.
-   **bias_by_energy**: If true, each sample's influence is scaled by its Boltzmann probability (e^(-E/(kbT)), meaning that lower-energy samples influence the allowed degrees of freedom more.  This means that the principal components reflect the allowed low-energy motions rather than the principal components of the whole ensemble.  True by default.
-   **kbt**: The Boltzmann temperature (in kcal/mol).  This is used for computing the influence of each sample if the bias_by_energy option is used.  The default value of 0.62 kcal/mol corresponds to physiological temperature.
-   **rescore**: If true, then each pose is rescored using the scoring function set with the scorefxn option.  If false, the energy cached in each pose is used.
-   **use_bb_dofs**: Should backbone torsions be used as degrees of freedom for the PCA analysis?  Default true.
-   **use_bb_length_angle_dofs**: Should backbone bond lengths and bond angles be used as degrees of freedom for the PCA analysis?  Default false.
-   **use_sc_dofs**: Should sidechain torsions be used as degrees of freedom for the PCA analysis?  Default false.
-   **use_sc_length_angle_dofs**: Should sidechain bond lengths and bond angles be used as degrees of freedom for the PCA analysis?  Default false.
-   **use_ligand_dofs**: Should ligand torsions be used as degrees of freedom for the PCA analysis?  Default true.
-   **use_ligand_length_angle_dofs**: Should ligand bond lengths and bond angles be used as degrees of freedom for the PCA analysis?  Default false.
-   **use_rigidbody_dofs**: Should rigid body transforms (jumps) be used as degrees of freedom for the PCA analysis?  Default true.
-   **use_cart_bb_heavyatom_dofs**: Should the Cartesian coordinate displacements of backbone heavyatoms be used as degrees of freedom in the PCA analysis?  Default false.
-   **use_cart_bb_hydrogen_dofs**: Should the Cartesian coordinate displacements of backbone hydrogens be used as degrees of freedom in the PCA analysis?  Default false.
-   **use_cart_sc_heavyatom_dofs**: Should the Cartesian coordinate displacements of sidechain heavyatoms be used as degrees of freedom in the PCA analysis?  Default false.
-   **use_cart_sc_hydrogen_dofs**: Should the Cartesian coordinate displacements of sidechain hydrogens be used as degrees of freedom in the PCA analysis?  Default false.
-   **use_cart_ligand_heavyatom_dofs**: Should the Cartesian coordinate displacements of ligand heavyatoms be used as degrees of freedom in the PCA analysis?  Default false.
-   **use_cart_ligand_hydrogen_dofs**: Should the Cartesian coordinate displacements of ligand hydrogens be used as degrees of freedom in the PCA analysis?  Default false.
-   **bb_selector**: The residue selector to use to select those residues whose backbone torsion, bond angle, or bond length degrees of freedom should be used in the PCA analysis.  Only used if use_bb_dofs or use_bb_length_angle_dofs are true.  If not provided, all residues in the pose are used. The name of a previously declared residue selector or a logical expression of AND, NOT (!), OR, parentheses, and the names of previously declared residue selectors. Any capitalization of AND, NOT, and OR is accepted. An exclamation mark can be used instead of NOT. Boolean operators have their traditional priorities: NOT then AND then OR. For example, if selectors s1, s2, and s3 have been declared, you could write: 's1 or s2 and not s3' which would select a particular residue if that residue were selected by s1 or if it were selected by s2 but not by s3.
-   **sc_selector**: The residue selector to use to select those residues whose sidechain torsion, bond angle, or bond length degrees of freedom should be used in the PCA analysis.  Only used if use_sc_dofs or use_sc_length_angle_dofs are true.  If not provided, all residues in the pose are used. The name of a previously declared residue selector or a logical expression of AND, NOT (!), OR, parentheses, and the names of previously declared residue selectors. Any capitalization of AND, NOT, and OR is accepted. An exclamation mark can be used instead of NOT. Boolean operators have their traditional priorities: NOT then AND then OR. For example, if selectors s1, s2, and s3 have been declared, you could write: 's1 or s2 and not s3' which would select a particular residue if that residue were selected by s1 or if it were selected by s2 but not by s3.
-   **ligand_selector**: The residue selector to use to select those ligand residues whose torsion, bond angle, or bond length degrees of freedom should be used in the PCA analysis.  Only used if use_ligand_dofs or use_ligand_length_angle_dofs are true.  If not provided, all residues in the pose are used. The name of a previously declared residue selector or a logical expression of AND, NOT (!), OR, parentheses, and the names of previously declared residue selectors. Any capitalization of AND, NOT, and OR is accepted. An exclamation mark can be used instead of NOT. Boolean operators have their traditional priorities: NOT then AND then OR. For example, if selectors s1, s2, and s3 have been declared, you could write: 's1 or s2 and not s3' which would select a particular residue if that residue were selected by s1 or if it were selected by s2 but not by s3.
-   **rigidbody_selector**: The jump selector to use to select those rigid body degrees of freedom (jumps) that should be used in the PCA analysis.  Only used if use_rigidbody_dofs is true.  If not provided, all jumps in the pose are used.
-   **cart_bb_selector**: The residue selector to use to select those residues whose backbone Cartesian degrees of freedom should be used in the PCA analysis.  Only used if use_cart_bb_heavyatom_dofs or use_cart_bb_hydrogen_dofs are true.  If not provided, all residues in the pose are used. The name of a previously declared residue selector or a logical expression of AND, NOT (!), OR, parentheses, and the names of previously declared residue selectors. Any capitalization of AND, NOT, and OR is accepted. An exclamation mark can be used instead of NOT. Boolean operators have their traditional priorities: NOT then AND then OR. For example, if selectors s1, s2, and s3 have been declared, you could write: 's1 or s2 and not s3' which would select a particular residue if that residue were selected by s1 or if it were selected by s2 but not by s3.
-   **cart_sc_selector**: The residue selector to use to select those residues whose sidechain Cartesian degrees of freedom should be used in the PCA analysis.  Only used if use_cart_sc_heavyatom_dofs or use_cart_sc_hydrogen_dofs are true.  If not provided, all residues in the pose are used. The name of a previously declared residue selector or a logical expression of AND, NOT (!), OR, parentheses, and the names of previously declared residue selectors. Any capitalization of AND, NOT, and OR is accepted. An exclamation mark can be used instead of NOT. Boolean operators have their traditional priorities: NOT then AND then OR. For example, if selectors s1, s2, and s3 have been declared, you could write: 's1 or s2 and not s3' which would select a particular residue if that residue were selected by s1 or if it were selected by s2 but not by s3.
-   **cart_ligand_selector**: The residue selector to use to select those ligand residues whose Cartesian degrees of freedom should be used in the PCA analysis.  Only used if use_cart_ligand_heavyatom_dofs or use_cart_ligand_hydrogen_dofs are true.  If not provided, all residues in the pose are used. The name of a previously declared residue selector or a logical expression of AND, NOT (!), OR, parentheses, and the names of previously declared residue selectors. Any capitalization of AND, NOT, and OR is accepted. An exclamation mark can be used instead of NOT. Boolean operators have their traditional priorities: NOT then AND then OR. For example, if selectors s1, s2, and s3 have been declared, you could write: 's1 or s2 and not s3' which would select a particular residue if that residue were selected by s1 or if it were selected by s2 but not by s3.

---
