<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
An ensemble metric that takes a set of real-valued metrics as input and produces the poses at the Pareto front for the metrics as output.  Given N scores for each sample, the Pareto front is the set of samples at the boundary, in N-dimensional space, of the sample cloud.  Put another way, these are the samples that are optimal insofar as no sample can be found that can improve any of the scores without sacrificing some of the value of at least one of the other scores.

References and author information for the ParetoFront ensemble metric:

ParetoFrontEnsembleMetric SimpleMetric's author(s):
Vikram K. Mulligan, Systems Biology Group, Center for Computational Biology, Flatiron Institute [vmulligan@flatironinstitute.org]  (Created the EnsembleMetrics framework and wrote the ParetoFrontEnsembleMetric.)

```xml
<ParetoFront name="(&string;)" label_prefix="(&string;)"
        label_suffix="(&string;)" output_mode="(tracer &string;)"
        output_filename="(&string;)" ensemble_generating_protocol="(&string;)"
        ensemble_generating_protocol_repeats="(1 &non_negative_integer;)"
        n_threads="(1 &non_negative_integer;)"
        use_additional_output_from_last_mover="(false &bool;)"
        real_metrics="(&string_cslist;)" lower_is_better="(&bool_cslist;)"
        return_full_poses="(true &bool;)" />
```

-   **label_prefix**: If provided, this prefix is prepended to the label for this ensemble metric (with an underscore after the prefix and before the ensemble metric name).
-   **label_suffix**: If provided, this suffix is appended to the label for this ensemble metric (with an underscore after the ensemble metric name and before the suffix).
-   **output_mode**: The output mode for reports from this ensemble metric.  Default is 'tracer'.  Allowed modes are: 'tracer', 'tracer_and_file', or 'file'.
-   **output_filename**: The file to which the ensemble metric report will be written if output mode is 'tracer_and_file' or 'file'.  Note that this filename will have the job name and number prepended so that each report is unique.
-   **ensemble_generating_protocol**: An optional ParsedProtocol or other mover for generating an ensemble from the current pose.  This protocol will be applied repeatedly (ensemble_generating_protocol_repeats times) to generate the ensemble of structures.  Each generated pose will be measured by this metric, then discarded.  The ensemble properties are then reported.  If not provided, the current pose is measured and the report will be produced later (e.g. at termination with the JD2 rosetta_scripts application).
-   **ensemble_generating_protocol_repeats**: The number of times that the ensemble_generating_protocol is applied.  This is the maximum number of structures in the ensemble (though the actual number may be smaller if the protocol contains filters or movers that can fail for some attempts).  Only used if an ensemble-generating protocol is provided with the ensemble_generating_protocol option.  Defaults to 1.
-   **n_threads**: The number of threads to request for generating ensembles in parallel.  This is only used in multi-threaded compilations of Rosetta (compiled with extras=cxx11thread), and only when an ensemble-generating protocol is provided with the ensemble_generating_protocol option.  A value of 0 means to use all available threads.  In single-threaded builds, this must be set to 0 or 1.  Defaults to 1.  NOTE THAT MULTI-THREADING IS HIGHLY EXPERIMENTAL AND LIKELY TO FAIL FOR MANY ENSEMBLE-GENERATING PROTOCOLS.  When in doubt, leave this set to 1.
-   **use_additional_output_from_last_mover**: If true, this ensemble metric will use the additional output from the previous pose (assuming the previous pose generates multiple outputs) as the ensemble, analysing it and producing a report immediately.  If false, then it will behave normally.  False by default.
-   **real_metrics**: (REQUIRED) A list of previously-defined real-valued simple metrics.  These N simple metrics define the N-dimensional space in which each sample will be plotted.  The Pareto front, returned by this ensemble metric, is the set of samples that lie on the boundary of the cloud of points, for which the value of any one simple metric can only be improved by sacrificing some of the value of at least one other simple metric.  Required input.
-   **lower_is_better**: (REQUIRED) A comma-separated vector of bools indicating, for each real-value metric provided with the real_metrics option, whether lower values are better (true) or higher values are better (false).  Required input.
-   **return_full_poses**: If true, full poses are returned (in the form of a binary silent string in the output log) for each structure at the Pareto front.  This requires more memory.  If false, only the names of those structures at the Pareto front are returned.  True by default.

---
