<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
Applies the provided score function only to the selected region and adds the score to the pose. By default, it first individualizes the selected region and then scores it (this is ok, for example, to evaluate specific chains). By using the 'in_context' attribute, it just provides the score of the selected residuesReturns always True.

```xml
<ScorePoseSegmentFromResidueSelectorFilter name="(&string;)"
        in_context="(0 &bool;)" residue_selector="(&string;)"
        scorefxn="(&string;)" confidence="(1.0 &real;)" />
```

-   **in_context**: Do not individualize the selection before scoring.
-   **residue_selector**: (REQUIRED) Selector specifying the segment to be scored. The name of a previously declared residue selector or a logical expression of AND, NOT (!), OR, parentheses, and the names of previously declared residue selectors. Any capitalization of AND, NOT, and OR is accepted. An exclamation mark can be used instead of NOT. Boolean operators have their traditional priorities: NOT then AND then OR. For example, if selectors s1, s2, and s3 have been declared, you could write: 's1 or s2 and not s3' which would select a particular residue if that residue were selected by s1 or if it were selected by s2 but not by s3.
-   **scorefxn**: Score function to use for evaluation. If not specified calls Rosetta's default full atom score.
-   **confidence**: Probability that the pose will be filtered out if it does not pass this Filter

---
