<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
This filter will check the distanca, plane and orthogonal angle between a helix and a pair of strands. The plane, used to calculate both angles, is the one described by the vector parallel to the first strand and one from the center of the first to the center of the sencond (perpendicular). The plane angle is the angle between the first of named vectors and the projection of the helix on the name plane. The orthogonal angle is the one between the plane and the helix. The distance is measured between the center of mass of both elements.

```xml
<StrandHelixGeometryFilter name="(&string;)" min_dist="(8.0 &real;)"
        max_dist="(12.0 &real;)" min_ortho_angle="(-180.0 &real;)"
        max_ortho_angle="(180.0 &real;)" min_plane_angle="(-180.0 &real;)"
        max_plane_angle="(180.0 &real;)" StrandID1="(1 &positive_integer;)"
        StrandID2="(2 &positive_integer;)" HelixID="(1 &positive_integer;)"
        output_type="(dist &string;)" blueprint="(&string;)"
        confidence="(1.0 &real;)" />
```

-   **min_dist**: Minimum distance between the centers of the strand pair and the helix.
-   **max_dist**: Maximum distance between the centers of the strand pair and the helix.
-   **min_ortho_angle**: Minimum orthogonal angle between the strand pair and the helix.
-   **max_ortho_angle**: Maximum orthogonal angle between the strand pair and the helix.
-   **min_plane_angle**: Minimum plane angle between the strand pair and the helix.
-   **max_plane_angle**: Maximum plane angle between the strand pair and the helix.
-   **StrandID1**: Strand number of the first strand to be considered, according to blueprint
-   **StrandID2**: Strand number of the second strand to be considered, according to blueprint
-   **HelixID**: Helix number of helix to be considered, according to blueprint
-   **output_type**: What metric should be output? distance (dist), orthogonal angle (ortho_angle), or the plane angle (plane_angle)?
-   **blueprint**: path to blueprint file from which to parse strands
-   **confidence**: Probability that the pose will be filtered out if it does not pass this Filter

---
