<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
A version of the AverageDegree filter that is compatible with oligomeric building blocks. Includes other subunits within the same building block in the neighbor count. Also works for monomeric building blocks.

```xml
<OligomericAverageDegree name="(&string;)"
        threshold="(0 &non_negative_integer;)"
        distance_threshold="(10.0 &real;)" jump="(1 &integer;)"
        sym_dof_names="(&string;)" write2pdb="(0 &bool;)" verbose="(0 &bool;)"
        multicomp="(0 &bool;)"
        task_operations="(&task_operation_comma_separated_list;)"
        packer_palette="(&named_packer_palette;)" confidence="(1.0 &real;)" />
```

-   **threshold**: How many residues need to be on average in the sphere of each of the residues under scrutiny in order for the filter to return true.
-   **distance_threshold**: Size of sphere around each residue under scrutiny in Angstroms.
-   **jump**: Which jump separates the building block from others?
-   **sym_dof_names**: (REQUIRED) Which sym_dofs separate the building blocks from the others (must also set multicomp=1 if it is a multicomponent symmetric system)?
-   **write2pdb**: Whether to write the residue-level AverageDegree values to the output .pdb file.
-   **verbose**: Output jump and corresponding displacement or angle to tracer.
-   **multicomp**: Set to true if the systems has multiple components.
-   **task_operations**: A comma-separated list of TaskOperations to use.
-   **packer_palette**: A previously-defined PackerPalette to use, which specifies the set of residue types with which to design (to be pruned with TaskOperations).
-   **confidence**: Probability that the pose will be filtered out if it does not pass this Filter

---
