<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
This filter counts the number of hydrogen bond acceptors that are receiving hydrogen bonds from more than the allowed number of donors. If the count is greater than a threshold value (default 0), the filter fails. This filter is intended to address a limitation of Rosetta's pairwise-decomposible hydrogen bond score terms: it is not possible for a score term that is examining the interaction between only two residues to know that a third is also interacting with one of the residues, creating artifacts in which too many hydrogen bond donors are all forming hydrogen bonds to the same acceptor.

```xml
<OversaturatedHbondAcceptorFilter name="(&string;)"
        max_allowed_oversaturated="(&non_negative_integer;)"
        hbond_energy_cutoff="(&real;)" consider_mainchain_only="(&bool;)"
        acceptor_selector="(&string;)" donor_selector="(&string;)"
        scorefxn="(&string;)" confidence="(1.0 &real;)" />
```

-   **max_allowed_oversaturated**: How many oversaturated acceptors are allowed before the filter fails? Default 0 (filter fails if any oversaturated acceptors are found).
-   **hbond_energy_cutoff**: A hydrogen bond must have energy less than or equal to this threshold in order to be counted. Default -0.1 Rosetta energy units.
-   **consider_mainchain_only**: If true (the default), only mainchain-mainchain hydrogen bonds are considered. If false, all hydrogen bonds are considered.
-   **acceptor_selector**: Selector that defines the hydrogen bond acceptor
-   **donor_selector**: Selector that defines the hydrogen bond donor
-   **scorefxn**: Name of score function to use
-   **confidence**: Probability that the pose will be filtered out if it does not pass this Filter

---
