<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
Apply an architecture of sigmoid and relative pose filters to a set of PDBs

```xml
<MultipleSigmoids name="(&string;)" threshold="(0 &real;)"
        file_names="(&string;)" confidence="(1.0 &real;)" >
    <RelativePose name="(&string;)" use_native_pdb="(false &bool;)"
            pdb_name="(&string;)" symmetry_definition="(XRW TO DO &string;)"
            relax_mover="(null &string;)" filter="(&string;)" baseline="(1 &bool;)"
            dump_pose="(XRW TO DO &string;)" alignment="(XRW TO DO &string;)"
            scorefxn="(&string;)" packing_shell="(8.0 &real;)" rtmin="(0 &bool;)"
            thread="(&bool;)" unbound="(false &bool;)" copy_stretch="(false &bool;)"
            copy_comments="(XRW TO DO &string;)" />
    <Sigmoid steepness="(1 &real;)" offset="(0 &real;)" negate="(false &bool;)"
            threshold="(0 &real;)" filter="(&string;)"
            baseline_checkpoint="(&string;)" />
    <Operator operation="(&string;)" threshold="(0 &real;)" negate="(false &bool;)"
            report_subvalues="(false &bool;)" filters="(&string;)"
            multi_relative="(false &bool;)" relative_pose_names="(&string;)"
            logarithm="(false &bool;)" />
</MultipleSigmoids>
```

-   **threshold**: Value above which the filter fails
-   **file_names**: PDBs to apply to
-   **confidence**: Probability that the pose will be filtered out if it does not pass this Filter


Subtag **RelativePose**:   Tags describing RelativePose filters to be applied

-   **use_native_pdb**: boolean as to whether or not to use the native pdb
-   **pdb_name**: which is the reference pose to read from disk.
-   **symmetry_definition**: ; default is none
-   **relax_mover**: which relax mover to apply after threading; by default, it is null
-   **filter**: (REQUIRED) which filter to apply; default is null
-   **baseline**: indicates whether or not a baseline should be used
-   **dump_pose**: filename for where to dump the pdb pose
-   **alignment**: alignment is expecting X1:Y1,X2:Y2,X3:Y3... where X is the protein on disk (target) and Y is the active structure (starting structure). When no alignment is given it is implied that the poses are trivially aligned 1..nres
-   **scorefxn**: Name of score function to use
-   **packing_shell**: radius of shell around each residue to repack after threading. The more use use the longer the simulation
-   **rtmin**: do rtmin following repack?
-   **thread**: Normally you'd want this to be true. This is not the case only if you're estimating baselines for the disk pose before doing an actual run.
-   **unbound**: before threading, should we dissociate the complex?
-   **copy_stretch**: rather than threading the residue identities on the pose read from disk, copy the aligned segment from the current pose onto the pose read from disk (residue identities + conformations). No repacking is done, and then goes straight to relax. Obviously the segment should be prealigned for this to make any sense, and should probably only be used on entire chains rather than stretches within chains. Any way, take care in using. No guarantees.
-   **copy_comments**: a comma-delimited list of pose-comment key values to copy from the reference pose (the current pose computed in the trajectory) to the relative pose (from disk). Useful if conformational change needs to be communicated from the reference pose to the relative pose

Subtag **Sigmoid**:   Tags describing Sigmoid filters to be applied

-   **steepness**: Steepness of the sigmoid function where $$f(x) = 1 / ( 1 + (steepness)e^{ (x - offset - baseline) } ) )$$
-   **offset**: Offset of the sigmoid function where $$f(x) = 1 / ( 1 + (steepness)e^{ (x - offset - baseline) } ) )$$
-   **negate**: Substitute x for 1-x in evaluation (as the Boolean operator NOT).
-   **threshold**: Values above this threshold pass as true.
-   **filter**: Filter whose value to transform with the sigmoid function.
-   **baseline_checkpoint**: File name to keep track of the baseline value.

Subtag **Operator**:   Tags describing Operators to be applied

-   **operation**: (REQUIRED) operation to perform: sum, product, min, or max
-   **threshold**: filter threshold
-   **negate**: multiply return value by -1. Useful in optimization
-   **report_subvalues**: report subvalues?
-   **filters**: list of previously defined filters on which to carry out the operation
-   **multi_relative**: If set, duplicates filters to include relative_pose_names.
-   **relative_pose_names**: Comma seperated list of pose names
-   **logarithm**: take the log(x) value of the resulting operator.

---
