<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
Run a SimpleMetric (Real) as a filter.  Set the cutoff and comparison_type to control the behavior of this filter.

```xml
<SimpleMetricFilter name="(&string;)" epsilon="(.0001 &real;)"
        metric="(&string;)" comparison_type="(&comparison_types;)"
        composite_action="(&string;)" cutoff="(&real;)" match="(&string;)"
        use_sum_for_per_residue_real="(&bool;)" use_cached_data="(false &bool;)"
        cache_prefix="(&string;)" cache_suffix="(&string;)"
        fail_on_missing_cache="(true &bool;)" confidence="(1.0 &real;)" >
    <Simple Metric Tag ... />
</SimpleMetricFilter>
```

-   **epsilon**: Epsilon for numerical comparisons
-   **metric**: The metric to run in this filter.
-   **comparison_type**: The comparison type.  IE not equal, equal, etc.  IF value [comparison_type] cutoff_ or match_ we return TRUE.  Example (RMSDMetric) cutoff=4.0, comparison_type=lt.  We return true if the RMSD is less than 4.0. Required. Choieces are: 
[eq, gt, gt_or_eq, lt, lt_or_eq, ne]
-   **composite_action**: If you have a composite metric or PerResidueMetric this can be `any`, `all` or a specific composite value type (Rosetta ResNum for per-residue metric.
-   **cutoff**: Number to use to determine if filter passes or not for any RealMetric or CompositeRealMetric.  Set the comparison_type to indicate the behavior of this filter.
-   **match**: String to match on to determine if filter passes or not for any StringMetric or CompositeStringMetric.  Set the comparison type to indicate the behavior of this filter.
-   **use_sum_for_per_residue_real**: If you are using a PerResidueRealMetric, set this to use the SUM of the values to act as a RealMetric instead of acting as a composite metric.  Default False.
-   **use_cached_data**: Use any data stored in the datacache that matches the set metrics name (and any prefix/suffix.)  Data is stored during a SimpleMetric's apply function, which is called during RunSimpleMetrics
-   **cache_prefix**: Any prefix used during apply (RunSimpleMetrics), that we will match on if use_cache is true
-   **cache_suffix**: Any suffix used during apply (RunSimpleMetrics), that we will match on if use_cache is true
-   **fail_on_missing_cache**: If use_cached_data is True and cache is not found, should we fail?
-   **confidence**: Probability that the pose will be filtered out if it does not pass this Filter


"Simple Metric Tag": Any of the [[SimpleMetrics]]

---
