<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
Maximum number of buried unsatisfied H-bonds allowed across an interface.

```xml
<SymUnsatHbonds name="(&string;)" cutoff="(20 &non_negative_integer;)"
        jump="(1 &integer;)" sym_dof_names="(&string;)" verbose="(0 &bool;)"
        write2pdb="(0 &bool;)"
        mode="(bound_vs_unbound &SymUnsatHbondFilter_mode_choices;)"
        use_native="(false &bool;)" reference_name="(&string;)"
        confidence="(1.0 &real;)" />
```

-   **cutoff**: Maximum number of buried unsatisfied H-bonds allowed.
-   **jump**: What jump to look at.
-   **sym_dof_names**: What jump(s) to look at. For multicomponent systems, one can simply pass the names of the sym_dofs that control the master jumps. For one component systems, jump can still be used.
-   **verbose**: Output info to tracer. If passes, will output the number of unsatisfied hydrogen bonds to the scorefile and tracer. Also outputs to the tracer the specific residues and atoms that are unsatisfied and a formatted string for easy selection in pymol.
-   **write2pdb**: If true, write value to pdb file.
-   **mode**: Default: Takes the current pose, uses the jump number or sym_dof_names and core::pose::symmetry::get_sym_aware_jump_num(pose,jump) to get the correct vector for translation into the unbound state, uses the RigidBodyTransMover to translate the pose into its unbound state, goes through every heavy atom in the asymmetric unit and finds cases where a polar is considered buried in the bound state, but not in the unbound state Can also set to calculate differently. See enumeration.
-   **use_native**: Use native pdb as reference.
-   **reference_name**: Name of reference pose to use (Use the SavePoseMover to create a reference pose)
-   **confidence**: Probability that the pose will be filtered out if it does not pass this Filter

---
