<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
A filter for the core of a denovo design. Only works for blocks or elements larger than 1. For n blocks of 2, it basically becomes WindowPoseCompatMotif.

.Details:
 The idea is to ensure that the linkages between blocks -- which is really to say the packable cross-block residue pairs -- are colocated. We want A's links to B to be in the same place, or nearly so, to A's links to C.
Therefore, once we assign blocks, we build a map of residues to sets of links, where each residue either does or does not link to a given block. If a residue links to multiple residues in the same block, that link is counted only once.
We then iterate through a sliding window in that map, summing the number of links to each block found for each residue in a given window.
What we then have is a map of blocks to counts.  
For a window of 3, and two possible blocks where res 1 is bound to 1 block, 2 bound to 2, and 3 bound to 1, we have a list of [2, 2].  We then use the second-highest as number to use for filtering for that window (Block count in subset of 2, we use the highest). If we only have connections to a single block, then the total is 0.
We then use this for pass/fail of the window.  If any of the windows fail, the filter fails.
The idea is that, in a hypothetical triangular arrangement of long helices, A's links to B will be distant from A's links to C, so the second-highest link count for both windows will be 0.

```xml
<CoreScorer name="(&string;)" score_cutoff="(-0.2 &real;)"
        distance_cutoff="(4 &real;)" link_cutoff="(&non_negative_integer;)"
        window_width="(&non_negative_integer;)" sum="(false &xs:boolean;)"
        distance_mode="(false &xs:boolean;)" selector="(&string;)"
        confidence="(1.0 &real;)" />
```

-   **score_cutoff**: score per residue cutoff
-   **distance_cutoff**: cutoff for distance mode
-   **link_cutoff**: The number of links required of a window to other blocks. Now defaults to per-ss settings unless this is overriden
-   **window_width**: The number of residues that constitute a window in a particular block. Now defaults to per-ss settings unlesss this is overridden
-   **sum**: Are we taking the sum across a window, as opposed to the maximum?
-   **distance_mode**: do we care about motifscore or raw distance
-   **selector**: Selector to create SS blocks from. Requred for blockwise, used as a mask for elementwise. The name of a previously declared residue selector or a logical expression of AND, NOT (!), OR, parentheses, and the names of previously declared residue selectors. Any capitalization of AND, NOT, and OR is accepted. An exclamation mark can be used instead of NOT. Boolean operators have their traditional priorities: NOT then AND then OR. For example, if selectors s1, s2, and s3 have been declared, you could write: 's1 or s2 and not s3' which would select a particular residue if that residue were selected by s1 or if it were selected by s2 but not by s3.
-   **confidence**: Probability that the pose will be filtered out if it does not pass this Filter

---
