<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
Lookup pose sub-fragments within a target fragment library, filtering pose which contain fragments not present in the library. Targets a specified fragment lookup, which defines a fragment specification and store of candidate fragments. Filter extracts all fragments from the pose via the specification passes these fragments to the lookup. Filter fails if any pose fragment can not be found within the store. Lookup results, including a lookup success/failure flag and lookup confidence score for successful lookups cached within the filter after each apply call and exposed via the FragmentLookupFilter::lookup_result member. Fragment stores are identified by a lookup name and a target store path. The default store defined in the FragmentStoreManager class via the options system.

References and author information for the FragmentLookupFilter filter:

FragmentLookupFilter Filter's citation(s):
\*Dang B, \*Wu H, \*Mulligan VK, Mravic M, Wu Y, Lemmin T, Ford A, Silva D-A, Baker D, and DeGrado WF.  (2017).  De novo design of covalently constrained mesosize protein scaffolds with unique tertiary structures.  Proc Natl Acad Sci USA 114(41):10852–10857.  doi: 10.1073/pnas.1710695114.  (\*Co-primary authors.)

```xml
<FragmentLookupFilter name="(&string;)" lookup_name="(&string;)"
        store_path="(&string;)" lookup_mode="(&lookup_mode_types;)"
        chain="(&non_negative_integer;)" threshold="(&non_negative_integer;)"
        confidence="(1.0 &real;)" />
```

-   **lookup_name**: (REQUIRED) Identification name for the fragment
-   **store_path**: Target store path. Default defined by FragmentStoreManager.
-   **lookup_mode**: Lookup mode used by filter. First - Returns the first fragment matching the lookup criteria.  Faster but not guarenteed to identify the closest potential library fragment. Closest - Returns the closest fragment with the target lookup. Significantly slower.
-   **chain**: chain number (?)
-   **threshold**: Number of failed attempts allowed before returning.
-   **confidence**: Probability that the pose will be filtered out if it does not pass this Filter

---
