<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
Calculates the Lawrence and Coleman shape complementarity using a port of the original Fortran code from CCP4's sc. Symmetry aware. Can be calculated across a jump (default behavior) or the two surfaces can be specified by explicitly providing lists of the residues making up each surface.

```xml
<ShapeComplementarity name="(&string;)" min_sc="(0.5 &real;)"
        min_interface="(0 &real;)" max_median_dist="(1000 &real;)"
        verbose="(false &bool;)" quick="(false &bool;)" jump="(1 &integer;)"
        write_int_area="(false &bool;)" write_median_dist="(false &bool;)"
        sym_dof_name="(&string;)" multicomp="(false &bool;)"
        residues1="(&string;)" residues2="(&string;)"
        residue_selector1="(&string;)" residue_selector2="(&string;)"
        confidence="(1.0 &real;)" />
```

-   **min_sc**: The filter fails if the calculated sc is less than the given value.
-   **min_interface**: The filter fails is the calculated interface area is less than the given value.
-   **max_median_dist**: The filter fails is the calculated median distance between the molecular surfaces is greater than the given value.
-   **verbose**: If true, print extra calculation details to the tracer.
-   **quick**: If true, do a quicker, less accurate calculation by reducing the density.
-   **jump**: For non-symmetric poses, which jump over which to calculate the interface.
-   **write_int_area**: If true, write interface area to scorefile.
-   **write_median_dist**: If true, write interface median distance to scorefile.
-   **sym_dof_name**: For symmetric poses, which dof over which to calculate the interface.
-   **multicomp**: If true, multiple component system. If false, single component system.
-   **residues1**: Explicitly set which residues are on each side of the interface (both symmetric and non-symmetric poses.)
-   **residues2**: Explicitly set which residues are on each side of the interface (both symmetric and non-symmetric poses.)
-   **residue_selector1**: Explicitly set which residues are on each side of the interface using residue_selectors.
-   **residue_selector2**: Explicitly set which residues are on each side of the interface using residue_selectors.
-   **confidence**: Probability that the pose will be filtered out if it does not pass this Filter

---
