<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
Filter for PeptiDerive, a simple application that derives from a given interface the linear stretch that contributes most of the binding energy (approximated as the score over the interface).

```xml
<PeptideDeriver name="(&string;)" pep_lengths="(&nnegative_int_cslist;)"
        skip_zero_isc="(&bool;)" dump_peptide_pose="(&bool;)"
        dump_cyclic_poses="(&bool;)" dump_report_file="(&bool;)"
        report_gzip="(&bool;)" dump_prepared_pose="(&bool;)"
        do_minimize="(&bool;)" optimize_cyclic_threshold="(&bool;)"
        report_format="(&peptide_deriver_format;)"
        restrict_receptors_to_chains="(&chain_cslist;)"
        restrict_partners_to_chains="(&chain_cslist;)"
        scorefxn_deriver="(&string;)" confidence="(1.0 &real;)" />
```

-   **pep_lengths**: Length(s) of derived peptides
-   **skip_zero_isc**: Makes derivation go faster by skipping peptides with 0 interface score
-   **dump_peptide_pose**: Output pose with peptide cut out (best one for each chain pair)
-   **dump_cyclic_poses**: Output each cyclic peptide pose (those that are modeled; which is determined by -optimize_cyclic_threshold)
-   **dump_report_file**: Send PeptideDeriver output to a file (.peptiderive.txt)
-   **report_gzip**: Compress report
-   **dump_prepared_pose**: Output each receptor-partner pose as PeptiDerive sees it, i.e. after preparation (minimization and disulfide detection)
-   **do_minimize**: Perform minimization before everything.
-   **optimize_cyclic_threshold**: Value of peptide interface score percent of total isc from which to optimize cyclic peptide
-   **report_format**: The format of the report. Either basic (easily parsable format) or markdown (pretty, readable, but verbose format)
-   **restrict_receptors_to_chains**: Only use chains listed here as receptors. When empty, consider all chains.
-   **restrict_partners_to_chains**: Only use chains listed here as partners. When empty, consider all chains. For each receptor-partner pair, a peptide is derived from the partner.
-   **scorefxn_deriver**: Name of score function to use
-   **confidence**: Probability that the pose will be filtered out if it does not pass this Filter

---
