<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
XRW TO DO

```xml
<BuriedUnsatHbonds name="(&string;)" use_legacy_options="(false &bool;)"
        generous_hbonds="(true &bool;)" use_vsasa="(true &bool;)"
        ignore_surface_res="(false &bool;)"
        ignore_bb_heavy_unsats="(false &bool;)"
        use_sc_neighbors="(false &bool;)" use_ddG_style="(false &bool;)"
        only_interface="(false &bool;)" print_out_info_to_pdb="(false &bool;)"
        jump_number="(1 &non_negative_integer;)"
        dalphaball_sasa="(false &bool;)" cutoff="(20 &non_negative_integer;)"
        probe_radius="(1.4 &real;)" burial_cutoff="(0.3 &real;)"
        probe_radius_apo="(-1.0 &real;)" burial_cutoff_apo="(-1.0 &real;)"
        residue_surface_cutoff="(45.0 &real;)"
        atomic_depth_selection="(-1 &real;)"
        atomic_depth_probe_radius="(2.3 &real;)"
        use_reporter_behavior="(true &bool;)"
        use_hbnet_behavior="(false &bool;)" report_all_unsats="(false &bool;)"
        report_all_heavy_atom_unsats="(false &bool;)"
        report_sc_heavy_atom_unsats="(false &bool;)"
        report_bb_heavy_atom_unsats="(false &bool;)"
        report_nonheavy_unsats="(false &bool;)"
        atomic_depth_deeper_than="(true &bool;)" sym_dof_names="(&string;)"
        residue_selector="(&string;)" scorefxn="(&string;)"
        task_operations="(&task_operation_comma_separated_list;)"
        packer_palette="(&named_packer_palette;)" confidence="(1.0 &real;)" />
```

-   **use_legacy_options**: revert to legacy options (equivalent to old, original BuriedUnsat Filter; WARNING! If this is true, will overwrite all other options
-   **generous_hbonds**: count all h-bonds (not just those scored by the default scorefxn in rosetta
-   **use_vsasa**: use vsasa insteady of legacy sasa for burial calculation
-   **ignore_surface_res**: many polar atoms on surface atoms get flagged as buried unsat becuause they are occluded by a long sidechina (e.g. Lys or Arg) that could easily move out of the way; this option ignores surface residues, as deinfed by SASA (default) or sc_neighbors if use_sc_neighbors=true
-   **ignore_bb_heavy_unsats**: ignore bb heayy atom unsats when using hbnet-style behavior
-   **use_sc_neighbors**: use sc_neighbors insteady of SASA for burial calculations
-   **use_ddG_style**: perform ddG style calcation: the Unsats are calculated by subtracting all unsats in bound state from unbound state; this is how the original BuriedUnsatHBondsFilter works
-   **only_interface**: restrict unsat search only to interface residues; if true and more than one chain it's ignored
-   **print_out_info_to_pdb**: print all info to pdb file into addition to tracer
-   **jump_number**: The jump over which to evaluate the filter; only applies to use_ddG_style
-   **dalphaball_sasa**: Use DAlphaBall to calculate SASA.
-   **cutoff**: The upper threshold for counted buried unsat H-bonds, above which the filter fails
-   **probe_radius**: probe radius to use for SASA buriedness calculations; default is grabbed from sasa_calculator_probe_radius in options code, which defaults to 1.4
-   **burial_cutoff**: used to determine burial; deafault legacy SASA atomic_burial_cutoff is 0.3; default VSASA cutoff is 0.1; if use_sc_neighbors=true, default becomes 4.4 or can be user-specified to sc_neighbor cutoff that is desired
-   **probe_radius_apo**: If set greater than 0, use a different probe_radius for the apo phase of use_ddG_style.
-   **burial_cutoff_apo**: If set greater than 0, use a different burial_cutoff for the apo phase of use_ddG_style.
-   **residue_surface_cutoff**: cutoff to determine which residues are surface if ignore_surface_res=true; default is 45.0 for SASA, 20.0 for VSASA and 2.0 if use_sc_neighbors=true
-   **atomic_depth_selection**: Include only atoms past a certain depth. Depth is from edge of SASA surface to center of atom. Pose converted to poly-LEU before SASA surface calculation. -1 to disable.
-   **atomic_depth_probe_radius**: Probe radius for atomic_depth_selection. Set this high to exclude pores. Set this low to allow the SASA surface to enter pores.
-   **use_reporter_behavior**: report as filter score the type of unsat turned on; this is now TRUE by default
-   **use_hbnet_behavior**: no heavy unstas allowed (will return 9999); if no heavy unstas, will count Hpol unsats; FALSE by default; if set to true, will NOT use reporter behavior
-   **report_all_unsats**: report all unsats
-   **report_all_heavy_atom_unsats**: report all heavy atom unsats; IF ALL REORTER OPTIONS ARE FALSE, THIS BECOMES TRUE AND DEFAULT REPORTS ALL HEAVY UNSATS
-   **report_sc_heavy_atom_unsats**: report side chain heavy atom unsats
-   **report_bb_heavy_atom_unsats**: report back bone heavy atom unsats
-   **report_nonheavy_unsats**: report non heavy atom unsats
-   **atomic_depth_deeper_than**: If true, only atoms deeper than atomic_depth_selection are included. If false, only atoms less deep than atomic_depth_selection are included.
-   **sym_dof_names**: For multicomponent symmetry: what jump(s) used for ddG-like separation. (From Dr. Bale: For multicomponent systems, one can simply pass the names of the sym_dofs that control the master jumps. For one component systems, jump can still be used.)  IF YOU DEFIN THIS OPTION, Will use ddG-style separation for the calulation; if you do not want this, pass a residue selector instead of defining symdofs.
-   **residue_selector**: residue selector that tells the filter to restrict the Unsat search to only those residues
-   **scorefxn**: Name of score function to use
-   **task_operations**: A comma-separated list of TaskOperations to use.
-   **packer_palette**: A previously-defined PackerPalette to use, which specifies the set of residue types with which to design (to be pruned with TaskOperations).
-   **confidence**: Probability that the pose will be filtered out if it does not pass this Filter

---
