<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
Uses Will Sheffler's packing code (packstat) to estimate the total volume of intra-protein voids. The value returned is the sum of volumes of the computed cavities in Angstroms 3. A value of 20 is approximately equal to the volume of a carbon atom. This filter currently has no options or threshold, and currently always returns true, but that is likely to change in the future. This calculation of cavity volume is inherently stochastic (packstat is stochastic). Therefore, setting the temperature to be permissive for the variation in results with the same input or using the average value of many decoys (nstruct) is recommended. The filter should not count cavities that are exposed to solvent.

```xml
<CavityVolume name="(&string;)" selector="(&string;)" confidence="(1.0 &real;)" />
```

-   **selector**: . The name of a previously declared residue selector or a logical expression of AND, NOT (!), OR, parentheses, and the names of previously declared residue selectors. Any capitalization of AND, NOT, and OR is accepted. An exclamation mark can be used instead of NOT. Boolean operators have their traditional priorities: NOT then AND then OR. For example, if selectors s1, s2, and s3 have been declared, you could write: 's1 or s2 and not s3' which would select a particular residue if that residue were selected by s1 or if it were selected by s2 but not by s3.
-   **confidence**: Probability that the pose will be filtered out if it does not pass this Filter

---
