<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
The LongestContinuousApolarSegment filter counts the number of amino acid residues in the longest continuous stretch of apolar amino acids in any chain of your pose (or, optionally, in a residue selection).  Optionally, it can ignore the polar stretches at the N- and C-termini of chains.

```xml
<LongestContinuousApolarSegment name="(&string;)"
        exclude_chain_termini="(true &bool;)" filter_out_high="(true &bool;)"
        cutoff="(5 &non_negative_integer;)" residue_selector="(&string;)"
        confidence="(1.0 &real;)" />
```

-   **exclude_chain_termini**: If true, apolar stretches at the ends of chains are not counted.  If false, they are.  True by default.  Note that if this is set to true, an entirely apolar chain will not be counted.
-   **filter_out_high**: If true, poses with more than the cutoff number of residues in the longest apolar stretch will be rejected.  If false, poses with fewer than the cutoff number of residues in the longest apolar stretch will be rejected.  True by default.
-   **cutoff**: The maximum (or minimum, if "filter_out_high" is set to "false") number of residues in the longest apolar stretch that will still allow the pose to pass this filter.  Default 5.
-   **residue_selector**: An optional, previously-defined residue selector.  If provided, the filter will only consider stretches of apolar residues that have at least one residue in the selection.  Not used if not specified.
-   **confidence**: Probability that the pose will be filtered out if it does not pass this Filter

---
