<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
This filter is designed as a means of quantifying Nobu and Rie's "foldability" metric, in which a structure is refolded several times and compared to the desired structure.

```xml
<Foldability name="(&string;)" selector="(&string;)"
        tries="(100 &non_negative_integer;)"
        start_res="(&non_negative_integer;)" end_res="(&non_negative_integer;)"
        motif="(&string;)" ignore_pose_abego="(&bool;)" use_sequence="(&bool;)"
        output_poses="(&bool;)" distance_threshold="(&real;)"
        scorefxn="(&string;)" confidence="(1.0 &real;)" />
```

-   **selector**: (start_res;end_res) and selector are mutually exclusive. The name of a previously declared residue selector or a logical expression of AND, NOT (!), OR, parentheses, and the names of previously declared residue selectors. Any capitalization of AND, NOT, and OR is accepted. An exclamation mark can be used instead of NOT. Boolean operators have their traditional priorities: NOT then AND then OR. For example, if selectors s1, s2, and s3 have been declared, you could write: 's1 or s2 and not s3' which would select a particular residue if that residue were selected by s1 or if it were selected by s2 but not by s3.
-   **tries**: number of attempted fragment insertions
-   **start_res**: The N-terminal residue of the piece of backbone to be rebuilt. (start_res;end_res) and selector are mutually exclusive
-   **end_res**: The C-terminal residue of the piece of backbone to be rebuilt. (start_res;end_res) and selector are mutually exclusive
-   **motif**: The secondary structure + abego to be used for the backbone region to be rebuilt. Taken from input pose if not specified.
-   **ignore_pose_abego**: Requires motif to be specified
-   **use_sequence**: Use sequence for fragment insertion mover
-   **output_poses**: dump pdbs
-   **distance_threshold**: A folding attempt is considered successful if the end of the refolded region is at most distance_threshold from its original location.
-   **scorefxn**: Name of score function to use
-   **confidence**: Probability that the pose will be filtered out if it does not pass this Filter

---
