<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
During its creation within the rosetta_scripts application (specifically, during the invocation of its parse_my_tag method), this mover will extract a PoseResource from the DataMap's map of (bitwise-const) Resources and from that PoseResource, extract a deep copy of the Pose that it holds. It will then place that Pose into the DataMap so that a single copy of that Pose can be shared by many Mover/Filters. Why the dance? Why not just hold on to the PoseResource itself? The complication with Pose is that it is not a bitwise-const class -- that is, it holds mutable data. If a single Pose were shared by two threads, then race conditions would likely ensue. To fit into the definition of a bitwise-const object, the PoseResource only allows you to access a deep copy of the original Pose that it holds. If the Pose is expensive to construct, then loading it in from disk a single time might be advantageous. But then, you perhaps do not want to have a separate copy of that Pose for each object that is going to want to access that Pose. The purpose of this mover is to shuttle a Pose out of the safe-to-be-shared-between-threads Resource section of the DataMap into the only-accessed-by-a-single-thread section of the DataMap.

```xml
<PoseFromPoseResourceMover name="(&string;)" pose_resource_name="(&string;)" />
```

-   **pose_resource_name**: (REQUIRED) The name of the PoseResourceobject that must be retrieved from the DataMap's resources map.

---
