<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
Perform a complete loop modeling simulation, including the build, centroid, and fullatom steps. It is a wrapper around other modeling movers.

```xml
<LoopModeler name="(&string;)" loops_file="(&string;)"
        config="(kic &config_options;)" auto_refine="(true &bool;)"
        scorefxn_fa="(&string;)" scorefxn_cen="(&string;)" fast="(false &bool;)"
        task_operations="(&task_operation_comma_separated_list;)" >
    <Loop start="(&non_negative_integer;)" stop="(&non_negative_integer;)"
            cut="(0 &non_negative_integer;)" skip_rate="(0.0 &real;)"
            rebuild="(false &bool;)" />
    <Build skip="(&bool;)" />
    <Centroid skip="(&bool;)" />
    <Fullatom skip="(&bool;)" />
</LoopModeler>
```

-   **loops_file**: path to loops file
-   **config**: Configure the local backbone move used in the refinement steps.If kic_with_frags is specified, -loops:frag_sizes and -loops:frag_files options are required.
-   **auto_refine**: Disable "auto_refine" if you wantto specify your own refinement moves
-   **scorefxn_fa**: Score function for full atom modeling.
-   **scorefxn_cen**: Score function for modeling in centroid representation.
-   **fast**: Only test run (fewer cycles)
-   **task_operations**: A comma separated list of TaskOperations to use.


Subtag **Loop**:   Use this element to define a series of loops in subtags, one loop per subtag

-   **start**: (REQUIRED) The residue index (pose numbering) for the first position in the loop.
-   **stop**: (REQUIRED) The residue index (pose numbering) for the last position in the loop.
-   **cut**: The residue index (pose numbering) for the cutpoint residue (i.e. the cut residue will be the lower end of the chain break, and the cut+1 residue will be the upper end of the chain break). If a zero value is given, it will be interpretted as saying that the cutpoint should be chosen using the logic in protocols::loops::Loop::choose_cutpoint
-   **skip_rate**: The probability that you would like the loop will be skipped (such as by the IndependentLoopMover); a value less than zero means never skip, a value greater than one means always skip - NOT RESPECTED BY ALL PROTOCOLS
-   **rebuild**: If set to true, then the initial backbone dihedrals for the loop will be overwritten to produce an extended conformation (i.e. phi=-150 degres, psi=150, omego=180) and the bond angles and lengths will be idealized - NOT RESPECTED BY AL PROTOCOLS

Subtag **Build**:   Configure the build step. If "skip" is enabled, none of the loops will be rebuilt.You may also provide this tag with any option or subtag that would be understood by LoopBuilder.

-   **skip**: If "skip" is enabled, the corresponding step will be skipped

Subtag **Centroid**:   Configure the centroid refinement step. If "skip" is enabled, none of the loops will be rebuilt. You may also provide this tag with any option or subtag that would be understood by LoopProtocol.

-   **skip**: If "skip" is enabled, the corresponding step will be skipped

Subtag **Fullatom**:   Configure the centroid refinement step. If "skip" is enabled, none of the loops will be rebuilt. You may also provide this tag with any option or subtag that would be understood by LoopProtocol.

-   **skip**: If "skip" is enabled, the corresponding step will be skipped

---
