<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
Optimizes a region of protein backbone using a simulated annealing MonteCarlo simulation.

```xml
<LoopProtocol name="(&string;)" loops_file="(&string;)"
        sfxn_cycles="(&non_negative_integer;)"
        mover_cycles="(&non_negative_integer;)" ramp_rama="(&bool;)"
        ramp_rep="(&bool;)" ramp_down_cst="(&bool;)" ramp_temp="(&bool;)"
        initial_temp="(&real;)" final_temp="(&real;)"
        temp_cycles="(&begin_w_int;)" auto_refine="(true &bool;)"
        fast="(false &bool;)" >
    <AcceptanceCheck name="(&string;)" />
    <Loop start="(&non_negative_integer;)" stop="(&non_negative_integer;)"
            cut="(0 &non_negative_integer;)" skip_rate="(0.0 &real;)"
            rebuild="(false &bool;)" />
</LoopProtocol>
```

-   **loops_file**: path to loops file
-   **sfxn_cycles**: Number of iterations to make in the sfxn loop.
-   **mover_cycles**: The number of iterations to make in the mover loop
-   **ramp_rama**: If enabled, the Ramachandran weight will start near zero and will finish at whatever it was in the original score function.
-   **ramp_rep**: If enabled, the repulsive weight will start near zero andwill finish at whatever it was in the original score function
-   **ramp_down_cst**: If enabled, the constraint weight will start at whatever value in the scorefunction and end at 0.
-   **ramp_temp**: Ramp the temperature during the temp loop.
-   **initial_temp**: Initial temperature. Ignored if temperature ramping is disabled.
-   **final_temp**: Final temperature. Ignored if temperature ramping is disabled.
-   **temp_cycles**: The number of iterations to make in the temp loop. This number may optionally be followed by an "x",in which case the number of iterations will be the given number times the length of the loop being sampled.
-   **auto_refine**: Invoke the built-in refiners after any user-specified movers.
-   **fast**: Test mode, reduces number of cycles.


Subtag **Loop**:   Use this element to define a series of loops in subtags, one loop per subtag

-   **start**: (REQUIRED) The residue index (pose numbering) for the first position in the loop.
-   **stop**: (REQUIRED) The residue index (pose numbering) for the last position in the loop.
-   **cut**: The residue index (pose numbering) for the cutpoint residue (i.e. the cut residue will be the lower end of the chain break, and the cut+1 residue will be the upper end of the chain break). If a zero value is given, it will be interpretted as saying that the cutpoint should be chosen using the logic in protocols::loops::Loop::choose_cutpoint
-   **skip_rate**: The probability that you would like the loop will be skipped (such as by the IndependentLoopMover); a value less than zero means never skip, a value greater than one means always skip - NOT RESPECTED BY ALL PROTOCOLS
-   **rebuild**: If set to true, then the initial backbone dihedrals for the loop will be overwritten to produce an extended conformation (i.e. phi=-150 degres, psi=150, omego=180) and the bond angles and lengths will be idealized - NOT RESPECTED BY AL PROTOCOLS

---
