<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
Grafts a functional sequence onto the latch of a LOCKR type protein. Returns all threads where average degree of important residues is greater than the cutoff (defualt=6).  By default will find the c-terminal helix and set all positions as threadable.  Set n_term to true to find n-terminal helix instead.  Set start/end to define a custom range to begin threads.  Set selector to use a residue selector to define threadable residues and Rosetta will determine which positions can fit your sequence.

```xml
<GraftSwitchMover name="(&string;)" start="(0 &non_negative_integer;)"
        end="(0 &non_negative_integer;)" n_term="(false &bool;)"
        any_order="(true &bool;)" pack_neighbors="(true &bool;)"
        graft_on_latch_loop="(true &bool;)" sequence="(&string;)"
        important_residues="(&string;)" burial_cutoff="(6 &real;)"
        selector="(&string;)" pack_min="(true &bool;)"
        task_operations="(&task_operation_comma_separated_list;)"
        packer_palette="(&named_packer_palette;)" scorefxn="(&string;)" />
```

-   **start**: Residue number defining the start of the threadable residue range.  Must be defined with 'end'. Overrides default behavior.
-   **end**: Residue number to end the range of residues to allow threading.
-   **n_term**: Default behaivor without setting start/end or selector is to find the c-terminal helix and set all positions designable.  Set to true if latch is on the n-terminus instead.
-   **any_order**: With multiple sequences, set to false if you want to maintain the order of sequences you've defined.  Useful if you need one seq closer to one terminus than the other.
-   **pack_neighbors**: Set to false if you do not want neighboring residues to repack during threading
-   **graft_on_latch_loop**: Set to false if you do not want the loop between the cage/latch to be threaded
-   **sequence**: Comma separated list of sequences to thread. A '-' indicates a gap where NATAA will be default
-   **important_residues**: A comma-separated list of residue numbers (1 corresponding to first residue in 'sequence') that must be buried/caged. Separate important residues for separate sequences with a '/' in order listed for the 'sequences' tag
-   **burial_cutoff**: Number of neighboring residues that determines extent of burial
-   **selector**: Residue Selector defining residues that can be threaded onto.  Overrides default behavior and start/end if defined.
-   **pack_min**: Do a final minimization and pack neighbors after threading
-   **task_operations**: A comma-separated list of TaskOperations to use.
-   **packer_palette**: A previously-defined PackerPalette to use, which specifies the set of residue types with which to design (to be pruned with TaskOperations).
-   **scorefxn**: Name of score function to use

---
