<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
Mover that adds chemical bonds and distance/angle constraints between metal ions and their coordinating atoms. If a residue selector or resnum list are provided, only sets up the specified metals. Otherwise, sets up all metals.

```xml
<SetupMetalsMover name="(&string;)" remove_hydrogens="(true &bool;)"
        constraints_only="(false &bool;)" add_constraints="(true &bool;)"
        metals_detection_LJ_multiplier="(1.0 &real;)"
        metals_distance_constraint_multiplier="(1.0 &real;)"
        metals_angle_constraint_multiplier="(1.0 &real;)"
        metal_residue_selector="(&string;)"
        contact_residue_selector="(&string;)"
        metal_resnums="(&resnum_list_with_ranges;)"
        contact_resnums="(&resnum_list_with_ranges;)" />
```

-   **remove_hydrogens**: Should hydrogens on metal binding atoms be removed?
-   **constraints_only**: Should we ONLY add the constraints to the metal and not set up covalent bonds? Useful for repeated applications of the mover if constraints are deleted.
-   **add_constraints**: Should we add constraints to the pose? May be used if, for example, the user wants to add their own custom constraints elsewhere.
-   **metals_detection_LJ_multiplier**: Multiplier for the distance cutoff for contact detection, which is based on the Lennard-Jones radii of the two atoms. This option overrides default value set through the command line.
-   **metals_distance_constraint_multiplier**: Multiplier for distance constraints between metal and metal-binding atoms. This option overrides default value set through the command line.
-   **metals_angle_constraint_multiplier**: Multiplier for angle constraints between metal and metal-binding atoms. This option overrides default value set through the command line.
-   **metal_residue_selector**: Selector used to indicate which metal residues should be set up. If no selector or resnum string is provided, all metals will be set up. The name of a previously declared residue selector or a logical expression of AND, NOT (!), OR, parentheses, and the names of previously declared residue selectors. Any capitalization of AND, NOT, and OR is accepted. An exclamation mark can be used instead of NOT. Boolean operators have their traditional priorities: NOT then AND then OR. For example, if selectors s1, s2, and s3 have been declared, you could write: 's1 or s2 and not s3' which would select a particular residue if that residue were selected by s1 or if it were selected by s2 but not by s3.
-   **contact_residue_selector**: Selector used to indicate which metal contacts should be set up. If no selector or resnum string is provided, all contacts for the specified metals will be set up. The name of a previously declared residue selector or a logical expression of AND, NOT (!), OR, parentheses, and the names of previously declared residue selectors. Any capitalization of AND, NOT, and OR is accepted. An exclamation mark can be used instead of NOT. Boolean operators have their traditional priorities: NOT then AND then OR. For example, if selectors s1, s2, and s3 have been declared, you could write: 's1 or s2 and not s3' which would select a particular residue if that residue were selected by s1 or if it were selected by s2 but not by s3.
-   **metal_resnums**: List of residue numbers to use
-   **contact_resnums**: List of residue numbers to use

---
