<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
Author: Jared Adolf-Bryfogle (jadolfbr@gmail.com)
Modified: Vikram K. Mulligan (vmulligan@flatironinstitute.org) to add support for noncanonicals.
This mover functions to thread the sequence of a region onto the given pose. Nothing fancy here. Useful when combined with -parser:string_vars option to replace strings within the RosettaScript. For more a more fancy comparative modeling protocol, please see the lovely RosettaCM

```xml
<SimpleThreadingMover name="(&string;)" pack_neighbors="(false &bool;)"
        neighbor_dis="(6.0 &real;)" start_position="(&string;)"
        thread_sequence="(&string;)" scorefxn="(&string;)"
        skip_unknown_mutant="(&bool;)" pack_rounds="(5 &positive_integer;)"
        sequence_mode="(oneletter &SequenceMetric_output_modes;)" />
```

-   **pack_neighbors**: Option to pack neighbors while threading.  By default, only the mutated residues, and not the neighbors, are repacked.
-   **neighbor_dis**: Distance to repack neighbor side chains. Repack shell distance for each threaded residue.  Default 6.0 Angstroms.
-   **start_position**: (REQUIRED) Position to start thread. PDB numbering (like 30L) or Rosetta pose numbering. PDB numbering parsed at apply time to allow for pose-length changes prior to apply of this mover
-   **thread_sequence**: (REQUIRED) The residue sequence that we will be grafting.  This can be provided as one-letter codes (e.g. "RSTX[DASP]LNE", comma-separated three-letter codes (e.g. "ARG,SER,THR,DAS,LEU,ASN,GLU"), base-names (e.g. "ARG,SER,THR,DASP,LEU,ASN,GLU"), or full names (e.g. "ARG,SER:N_Methylation,THR,DASP,LEU,ASN,GLU"), depending on the setting for sequence_mode.
-   **scorefxn**: Optional Scorefunction name passed - setup in score function block
-   **skip_unknown_mutant**: Skip unknown amino acids in thread_sequence string instead of throwing an exception.
-   **pack_rounds**: Number of packing rounds for threading.  Set this to 0 to skip all packing, in which case the new side-chains will likely be in very poor conformations.  Defaults to 5.
-   **sequence_mode**: The format for the input sequence.  Allowed output formats are: oneletter, threeletter, basename, or fullname.

---
