<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
Given a quasi-symmetric cyclic peptide, this mover aligns the peptide so that the cyclic symmetry axis lies along the Z-axis and the centre of mass is at the origin.  It then optionally removes all but one symmetry repeat, so that true symmetry may be set up with the SetupForSymmetry mover.

```xml
<SymmetricCycpepAlign name="(&string;)" auto_detect_symmetry="(&bool;)"
        symmetry_repeats="(&non_negative_integer;)" mirror_symmetry="(&bool;)"
        angle_threshold="(&real;)" trim_to_single_repeat="(&bool;)"
        repeat_to_preserve="(&non_negative_integer;)" invert="(&bool;)" />
```

-   **auto_detect_symmetry**: If true, the symmetry of this peptide will be detected automatically.  False by default.  (Note that if this is set to "true", the "symmetry_repeats" and "mirror_symmetry" options cannot be used.)
-   **symmetry_repeats**: The number of symmetry repeats.  For example, to specify c6 or s6 symmetry, set this to "6".  Defaults to "2" (for c2 symmetry).
-   **mirror_symmetry**: If true, this indicates that the pose possesses mirror symmetry.  For example, to specify s6 symmetry, set "symmetry_repeats" to "6" and "mirror_symmetry" to "true".  If set to "false", this would indicate c6 symmetry.  Defaults to "false" (for c2 symmetry with no mirroring).
-   **angle_threshold**: The cutoff, in degrees, for considering two dihedral values to be equal.  Defaults to 10 degrees.  This is used when confirming that a quasi-symmetric peptide has the indicated symmetry, or for detecting the symmetry of the peptide.
-   **trim_to_single_repeat**: If true, all geometry in the peptide (including all crosslinkers) will be deleted, except for the polypeptide part of a single symmetry repeat.  Defaults to "false".  (This is useful for setting up a peptide for the SetupForSymmetry mover).
-   **repeat_to_preserve**: If "trim_to_single_repeat" is true, then this is the symmetry repeat that will NOT be deleted (i.e. the one that will be preserved).  Defaults to "1".
-   **invert**: If true, the peptide normal is aligned to the negative Z-axis; if false, it is aligned to the positive.  Default false.

---
