<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
Performs a monte carlo search of the ligand binding site using precomputed scoring grids. Replaces the Translate, Rotate, and SlideTogether movers.

```xml
<Transform name="(&string;)" chain="(&string;)" sampled_space_file="(&string;)"
        move_distance="(&real;)" box_size="(&real;)" angle="(&real;)"
        temperature="(&real;)" rmsd="(&real;)" cycles="(&non_negative_integer;)"
        repeats="(1 &non_negative_integer;)"
        optimize_until_score_is_negative="(false &bool;)"
        use_constraints="(false &bool;)" use_main_model="(false &bool;)"
        cst_fa_file="(&string;)" ensemble_proteins="(&string;)"
        cst_fa_weight="(1.0 &non_negative_real;)"
        initial_perturb="(0.0 &non_negative_real;)"
        initial_angle_perturb="(0.0 &non_negative_real;)"
        grid_set="(default &string;)" />
```

-   **chain**: (REQUIRED) The ligand chain, specified as the PDB chain ID
-   **sampled_space_file**: XRW TO DO
-   **move_distance**: (REQUIRED) Maximum translation performed per step in the monte carlo search.
-   **box_size**: (REQUIRED) Maximum translation that can occur from the ligand starting point.
-   **angle**: (REQUIRED) Maximum rotation angle performed per step in the monte carlo search.
-   **temperature**: (REQUIRED) Boltzmann temperature for the monte carlo simulation.
-   **rmsd**: Maximum RMSD to be sampled away from the starting position.
-   **cycles**: (REQUIRED) Total number of steps to be performed in the monte carlo simulation.
-   **repeats**: Total number of repeats of the monte carlo simulation to be performed.
-   **optimize_until_score_is_negative**: Continue sampling beyond "cycles" if score is positive
-   **use_constraints**: Adjust scores based on constraint file input
-   **use_main_model**: Use the primary input protein model regardless of scores
-   **cst_fa_file**: Full atom constraint file to read constraints from
-   **ensemble_proteins**: File to read protein ensemble options from
-   **cst_fa_weight**: Weight for full atom constraints. Default of 1.0
-   **initial_perturb**: Make an initial, unscored translation and rotation Translation will be selected uniformly in a sphere of the given radius (Angstrom).Triggers 360 degress rotations are triggered.
-   **initial_angle_perturb**: Control the size of the rotational perturbation by intitial_perturb. (Degrees)
-   **grid_set**: The Scoring Grid set to use with Transform scoring

---
