<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
This is a special mover that allows making a single compound mover and filter vector (just like protocols). The optional option mode changes the order of operations within the protocol, as defined by the option. If undefined, mode defaults to the historical functionality, which is operation of the Mover/Filter pairs in the defined order.

```xml
<ParsedProtocol name="(&string;)" mode="(sequence &mode_types;)"
        filter_name="(true_filter &string;)" filter="(true_filter &string;)"
        apply_probability="(&real;)" resume_support="(false &bool;)" >
    <Add mover_name="(&string;)" mover="(&string;)" filter_name="(&string;)"
            filter="(&string;)" metrics="(&string;)" labels="(&string;)"
            apply_probability="(&real;)" report_at_end="(true &bool;)"
            never_rerun_filter="(false &bool;)" />
    <Filter Tag ... />
    <Mover Tag ... />
</ParsedProtocol>
```

-   **mode**: "sequence" (default) - perform the Mover/Filter pair in the specified sequence; "random_order" - perform EACH of the defined Mover/Filter pairs one time in a random order; "single_random" - randomly pick a SINGLE Mover/Filter pair from the list
-   **filter_name**: XSD XRW: TO DO
-   **filter**: XSD XRW: TO DO
-   **apply_probability**: by default equal probability for all tags
-   **resume_support**: XSD XRW: TO DO


Subtag **Add**:   The steps to be applied.

-   **mover_name**: The mover whose execution is desired
-   **mover**: The mover whose execution is desired
-   **filter_name**: The filter whose execution is desired
-   **filter**: The filter whose execution is desired
-   **metrics**: A comma-separated list of metrics to run at this point.
-   **labels**: A comma-separated list of labels to use for the provided metrics in the output. If empty/missing, use the metric names from the metrics setting. If '-', use the metric's default.
-   **apply_probability**: by default equal probability for all tags
-   **report_at_end**: Report filter value via filter re-evaluation on final pose after conclusion of protocol. Otherwise report filter value as evaluated mid-protocol.
-   **never_rerun_filter**: Never run this filter after the original apply-time run. Use this option to avoid expensive re-runs when reporting

"Filter Tag": Any of the [[RosettaScripts Filters|Filters-RosettaScripts]] tags

"Mover Tag": Any of the [[RosettaScripts Mover|Movers-RosettaScripts]] tags

---
