<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
This mover is useful for reporting the total or per-residue ddgs in cases where you don't want to use the ddG filter for some reason. (also, the ddg filter can't currently do per-residue ddgs). Ddg scores are reported as string-real pairs in the output scorefile. The total ddg score has the tag "ddg" and the each per residue ddg has the tag "residue_ddg_n" where n is the residue number.

```xml
<ddG name="(&string;)" scorefxn="(&string;)" jump="(1 &non_negative_integer;)"
        per_residue_ddg="(false &bool;)" repack_unbound="(false &bool;)"
        task_operations="(&task_operation_comma_separated_list;)"
        packer_palette="(&named_packer_palette;)" repack_bound="(true &bool;)"
        relax_bound="(false &bool;)" relax_unbound="(true &bool;)"
        translate_by="(1000.0 &real;)" relax_mover="(&string;)"
        filter="(&string;)" chain_num="(&string;)" chain_name="(&string;)"
        solvate="(false &bool;)" solvate_unbound="(false &bool;)"
        solvate_rbmin="(false &bool;)" min_water_jump="(true &bool;)"
        compute_rmsd="(false &bool;)" />
```

-   **scorefxn**: Name of score function to use
-   **jump**: XSD XRW TO DO
-   **per_residue_ddg**: XSD XRW TO DO
-   **repack_unbound**: XSD XRW TO DO
-   **task_operations**: A comma-separated list of TaskOperations to use.
-   **packer_palette**: A previously-defined PackerPalette to use, which specifies the set of residue types with which to design (to be pruned with TaskOperations).
-   **repack_bound**: XSD XRW TO DO
-   **relax_bound**: Should we relax the bound state, if a relax mover is specified?  Default false.
-   **relax_unbound**: Should we relax the unbound state, if a relax mover is specified?  Default true.
-   **translate_by**: Distance in Angstroms by which to separate the components of the bound state
-   **relax_mover**: XSD XRW TO DO
-   **filter**: XSD XRW TO DO
-   **chain_num**: XSD XRW TO DO
-   **chain_name**: XSD XRW TO DO
-   **solvate**: Solvate bound pose (using ExplicitWater mover)
-   **solvate_unbound**: Solvate unbound pose (using ExplicitWater mover)
-   **solvate_rbmin**: Use rigid-body minimization following solvation
-   **min_water_jump**: Include waters in rigid-body minimization following solvation and packing
-   **compute_rmsd**: Compute the rmsd both with and without superimposing -- requires in:file:native to be supplied

---
