<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
The Six Degree of Freedom Grid Dock mover utilizes the basic six degrees of freedom (DoF) to dock the protein in 3D space: translating and rotating one domain around three user-definied axes, commonly known as the x-axis, y-axis, and z-axis. The user defines both the coordinate frame and the sample sapce allowing for a user-friendly and highly customizable docking system. When complete, this mover generates output pdb files of each newly docked pose.

```xml
<SixDoFGridDockMover name="(&string;)"
        task_operations="(&task_operation_comma_separated_list;)"
        packer_palette="(&named_packer_palette;)"
        range_trans_axis_1="(&real_cslist;)"
        range_trans_axis_2="(&real_cslist;)"
        range_trans_axis_3="(&real_cslist;)" range_rot_axis_1="(&real_cslist;)"
        range_rot_axis_2="(&real_cslist;)" range_rot_axis_3="(&real_cslist;)"
        values_trans_axis_1="(&real_cslist;)"
        values_trans_axis_2="(&real_cslist;)"
        values_trans_axis_3="(&real_cslist;)"
        values_rot_axis_1="(&real_cslist;)" values_rot_axis_2="(&real_cslist;)"
        values_rot_axis_3="(&real_cslist;)" degree_check="(true &bool;)"
        max_samples="(10000 &non_negative_integer;)"
        dof_residue_selector_1="(&string;)" dof_residue_selector_2a="(&string;)"
        dof_residue_selector_2b="(&string;)" />
```

-   **task_operations**: A comma-separated list of TaskOperations to use.
-   **packer_palette**: A previously-defined PackerPalette to use, which specifies the set of residue types with which to design (to be pruned with TaskOperations).
-   **range_trans_axis_1**: Comma-separated list of DoF range: minimum, maximum, step size
-   **range_trans_axis_2**: Comma-separated list of DoF range: minimum, maximum, step size
-   **range_trans_axis_3**: Comma-separated list of DoF range: minimum, maximum, step size
-   **range_rot_axis_1**: Comma-separated list of DoF range: minimum, maximum, step size
-   **range_rot_axis_2**: Comma-separated list of DoF range: minimum, maximum, step size
-   **range_rot_axis_3**: Comma-separated list of DoF range: minimum, maximum, step size
-   **values_trans_axis_1**: Comma-separated list of DoF values to sample
-   **values_trans_axis_2**: Comma-separated list of DoF values to sample
-   **values_trans_axis_3**: Comma-separated list of DoF values to sample
-   **values_rot_axis_1**: Comma-separated list of DoF values to sample
-   **values_rot_axis_2**: Comma-separated list of DoF values to sample
-   **values_rot_axis_3**: Comma-separated list of DoF values to sample
-   **degree_check**: True or false to turn on or turn off degree_check
-   **max_samples**: Mover will throw an error if the actual number of samples is greater than the user-proved value
-   **dof_residue_selector_1**: Selector used to indicate which residue should be used during x, y, z coordinate system set up. This residue is generally selected on the static protein. The name of a previously declared residue selector or a logical expression of AND, NOT (!), OR, parentheses, and the names of previously declared residue selectors. Any capitalization of AND, NOT, and OR is accepted. An exclamation mark can be used instead of NOT. Boolean operators have their traditional priorities: NOT then AND then OR. For example, if selectors s1, s2, and s3 have been declared, you could write: 's1 or s2 and not s3' which would select a particular residue if that residue were selected by s1 or if it were selected by s2 but not by s3.
-   **dof_residue_selector_2a**: Selector used to indicate which residue should be used during x, y, z coordinate system set up. This residue is generally selected on the moving protein. The name of a previously declared residue selector or a logical expression of AND, NOT (!), OR, parentheses, and the names of previously declared residue selectors. Any capitalization of AND, NOT, and OR is accepted. An exclamation mark can be used instead of NOT. Boolean operators have their traditional priorities: NOT then AND then OR. For example, if selectors s1, s2, and s3 have been declared, you could write: 's1 or s2 and not s3' which would select a particular residue if that residue were selected by s1 or if it were selected by s2 but not by s3.
-   **dof_residue_selector_2b**: Selector used to indicate which residue should be used during x, y, z coordinate system set up. This residue is generally selected on the moving protein. The name of a previously declared residue selector or a logical expression of AND, NOT (!), OR, parentheses, and the names of previously declared residue selectors. Any capitalization of AND, NOT, and OR is accepted. An exclamation mark can be used instead of NOT. Boolean operators have their traditional priorities: NOT then AND then OR. For example, if selectors s1, s2, and s3 have been declared, you could write: 's1 or s2 and not s3' which would select a particular residue if that residue were selected by s1 or if it were selected by s2 but not by s3.

---
