<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
Authors: Steven Lewis, Bryan Der, Ben Stranges, Jared Adolf-Bryfogle
This mover reports scores and statistics useful for judging the quality of protein-protein interfaces

```xml
<InterfaceAnalyzerMover name="(&string;)" scorefxn="(&string;)"
        pack_separated="(false &bool;)" pack_input="(false &bool;)"
        resfile="(false &bool;)" packstat="(false &bool;)"
        interface_sc="(false &bool;)" tracer="(false &bool;)"
        use_jobname="(false &bool;)" fixedchains="(&string;)"
        interface="(&string;)" ligandchain="(&string;)"
        jump="(&non_negative_integer;)" />
```

-   **scorefxn**: Name of score function to use
-   **pack_separated**: repack chains after separation (better evaluation of unbound state)
-   **pack_input**: repack the input before calculating bound state values
-   **resfile**: use a resfile for packing operations note BOOLEAN
-   **packstat**: run packstat on bound state
-   **interface_sc**: run interface_sc on bound state
-   **tracer**: report output to a Tracer
-   **use_jobname**: when reporting output (especially to tracer), label with the job name (like 1UBQ_0001)
-   **fixedchains**: comma separated list of PDB chains on one side of the interface, most useful when you have multiple chains on each side.  Notice that 'jump', 'interface', 'fixedchains', and 'ligandchain' are all mutually exclusive.
-   **interface**: docking-style interface definitions, like HL_AB for chains HL vs AB for the interface.  Notice that 'jump', 'interface', 'fixedchains', and 'ligandchain' are all mutually exclusive.
-   **ligandchain**: Move ONLY this PDB chain.  Notice that 'jump', 'interface', 'fixedchains', and 'ligandchain' are all mutually exclusive.
-   **jump**: Residues upstream/downstream of this Jump are on opposite sides of the interface; this Jump moves in the separation step.  Notice that 'jump', 'interface', 'fixedchains', and 'ligandchain' are all mutually exclusive.

---
