<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
Performs loop closure on a single loop using the Jacobi algorithm

```xml
<JacobiLoopClosureMover name="(&string;)" loops_file="(&string;)"
        max_cycles="(200 &non_negative_integer;)" err_rot_allowed="(5 &real;)"
        err_lin_allowed="(0.1 &real;)" verbose="(false &bool;)" >
    <Loop start="(&non_negative_integer;)" stop="(&non_negative_integer;)"
            cut="(0 &non_negative_integer;)" skip_rate="(0.0 &real;)"
            rebuild="(false &bool;)" />
</JacobiLoopClosureMover>
```

-   **loops_file**: path to loops file
-   **max_cycles**: Maximum number of cycles per run. Quit the run even if not converged at this point.
-   **err_rot_allowed**: Maximum norm of rotational error [deg] for closure to be accepted as successful.
-   **err_lin_allowed**: Maximum norm of linear error [Ang] for closure to be accepted as successful.
-   **verbose**: Setting that determines whether or not to output non-critical information.


Subtag **Loop**:   Use this element to define a series of loops in subtags, one loop per subtag

-   **start**: (REQUIRED) The residue index (pose numbering) for the first position in the loop.
-   **stop**: (REQUIRED) The residue index (pose numbering) for the last position in the loop.
-   **cut**: The residue index (pose numbering) for the cutpoint residue (i.e. the cut residue will be the lower end of the chain break, and the cut+1 residue will be the upper end of the chain break). If a zero value is given, it will be interpretted as saying that the cutpoint should be chosen using the logic in protocols::loops::Loop::choose_cutpoint
-   **skip_rate**: The probability that you would like the loop will be skipped (such as by the IndependentLoopMover); a value less than zero means never skip, a value greater than one means always skip - NOT RESPECTED BY ALL PROTOCOLS
-   **rebuild**: If set to true, then the initial backbone dihedrals for the loop will be overwritten to produce an extended conformation (i.e. phi=-150 degres, psi=150, omego=180) and the bond angles and lengths will be idealized - NOT RESPECTED BY AL PROTOCOLS

---
