<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
XRW TO DO

```xml
<SpliceInTail name="(&string;)" debug="(false &bool;)" min_seg="(false &bool;)"
        CG_const="(false &bool;)" chain_num="(1 &non_negative_integer;)"
        superimposed="(true &bool;)" use_sequence_profile="(&bool;)"
        scorefxn="(&string;)" template_file="(&string;)"
        task_operations="(&task_operation_comma_separated_list;)"
        packer_palette="(&named_packer_palette;)" torsion_database="(&string;)"
        database_entry="(&non_negative_integer;)"
        database_pdb_entry="(&string;)" design_shell="(6.0 &real;)"
        repack_shell="(8.0 &real;)" delta_lengths="(&int_cslist;)"
        thread_original_sequence="(false &bool;)" rtmin="(true &bool;)"
        dbase_iterate="(false &bool;)" >
    <Segments name="(&string;)" profile_weight_away_from_interface="(1.0 &real;)"
            current_segment="(&string;)" >
        <segment name="(&string;)" pdb_profile_match="(&string;)" profiles="(&string;)" />
    </Segments>
</SpliceInTail>
```

-   **debug**: If true output is more verbose and PDB structures are dumped.
-   **min_seg**: Apply minimizer to the new segment. This is recommended to improve energy. Apply with coordinate constraints.
-   **CG_const**: If true apply coordinate constraint on C-gammas of the segment during CCD/minimization
-   **chain_num**: The pose's chain onto which the new segment is added.
-   **superimposed**: If fasle, superimpose source pdb onto current pose.
-   **use_sequence_profile**: If true build PSSM and apply sequence profile on pose
-   **scorefxn**: Name of score function to use
-   **template_file**: The PDB file of the reference PDB (the one used to build to conformation database)
-   **task_operations**: A comma-separated list of TaskOperations to use.
-   **packer_palette**: A previously-defined PackerPalette to use, which specifies the set of residue types with which to design (to be pruned with TaskOperations).
-   **torsion_database**: Name of conformation file to save to
-   **database_entry**: Which entry to use from database (by number, e.g. first entry = 1, second entry = 2, etc)
-   **database_pdb_entry**: Which entry to use from database by PDB code
-   **design_shell**: how many residues around the built segment can be designed
-   **repack_shell**: how many residues around the built segment can be repacked
-   **delta_lengths**: sample lengths of new segment conformation with length deltas relative to stratign pose segment (e.g, if delta length is set -2 then only segments that 2 AA shorter than the pose segment will be sampled from the database)
-   **thread_original_sequence**: Use sequence from torsion database.
-   **rtmin**: apply rtmin after minmover/tailsegmentmover
-   **dbase_iterate**: if true, go through the torsion database iteratively (so in the same trajectory won't sample same conformation twice from the database)


Subtag **Segments**:   Wrapper for multiple segments tags

-   **profile_weight_away_from_interface**: multiply applied sequence constraint by a factor for residues outside predefined interface
-   **current_segment**: Which segment is currently being modified


Subtag **segment**:   individual segment tag

-   **pdb_profile_match**: Mapping between segment name and PSSM file
-   **profiles**: list of PSSM files

---
