<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
Author: Jared Adolf-Bryfogle (jadolfbr@gmail.com)
Graft CDR loops from one structure to another, optionally optimize CDRs and neighbor CDRs of the grafted one. Results in 100 percent loop closure if using both graft graft movers (where peptide bond geometries of both ends are checked relative to ideal values).

```xml
<AntibodyCDRGrafter name="(&string;)" cdrs="(&string;)" cdr="(&string;)"
        cdr_definition="(&string;)" input_ab_scheme="(&string;)"
        donor_structure_from_pdb="(&string;)"
        donor_structure_from_spm="(&string;)" reference_name="(&string;)"
        use_secondary_graft_mover="(false &bool;)" scorefxn="(&string;)"
        nter_overhang="(3 &non_negative_integer;)"
        cter_overhang="(3 &non_negative_integer;)"
        stop_after_closure="(true &bool;)" optimize_cdrs="(false &bool;)"
        optimize_cdr4_if_neighbor="(true &bool;)" dihedral_cst_wt="(2.0 &real;)" />
```

-   **cdrs**: String specifying CDRs to graft
-   **cdr**: String specifying CDR to graft
-   **cdr_definition**: String defining CDRs
-   **input_ab_scheme**: Sets the antibody numbering scheme. Must also specify cdr_definition when using this option
-   **donor_structure_from_pdb**: Path to the structure used for the graft. Either use donor_structure_from_pdb or donor_structure_from_spm. One of these is required.
-   **donor_structure_from_spm**: Takes donor structure from the SavePoseMover. Either use donor_structure_from_pdb or donor_structure_from_spm (one is required )
-   **reference_name**: Name of reference pose to use (Use the SavePoseMover to create a reference pose)
-   **use_secondary_graft_mover**: Should we use the secondary graft mover if the graft is not closed using the first?
-   **scorefxn**: Name of score function to use
-   **nter_overhang**: Number of extra residues on the Nter side of the CDR to use for grafting
-   **cter_overhang**: Number of extra residues on the Cter side of the CDR to use for grafting
-   **stop_after_closure**: Should we stop after graft closure?
-   **optimize_cdrs**: Should we optimize grafted and neighbor CDRs using dihedral constrained relax?
-   **optimize_cdr4_if_neighbor**: Optimize CDR4 if a neighbor CDR is grafted
-   **dihedral_cst_wt**: Weight of dihedral constraints used during optimization

---
