<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
This mover creates a stored task that links selected residues with RotamerLinks. The residues will remain identical in identity when the packer is called, but their rotamers are free to be packed differently. This mover was designed to take a shot at the quasi-equivalent design problem, where identical residues need to satisfy multiple interfaces at the same time. It is essentially a multi-state design problem.

```xml
<StoreQuasiSymmetricTaskMover name="(&string;)"
        task_name="(&pose_cached_task_operation;)" overwrite="(false &bool;)"
        quasi_symm_comp="(B &string;)"
        num_quasi_repeats="(2 &non_negative_integer;)"
        offset_resis="(0 &non_negative_integer;)"
        task_operations="(&task_operation_comma_separated_list;)"
        packer_palette="(&named_packer_palette;)" />
```

-   **task_name**: (REQUIRED) The name of the stored task to be cached in the Pose object's datacache.  The object can later be retrieved using this name.
-   **overwrite**: Will overwrite old stored tasks with the same name?
-   **quasi_symm_comp**: Which component (if multi-component, A or B), is going to be quasi-equivalent.
-   **num_quasi_repeats**: How many subunits your quasi-equivalent building block consists of. For example, a trimer would be 3.
-   **offset_resis**: If your building block is non-quasi-equivalent domains, this number denotes the number of residues to skip. Currently needs to be resis 1-x, the skipped portion must be on the N-terminus.
-   **task_operations**: A comma-separated list of TaskOperations to use.
-   **packer_palette**: A previously-defined PackerPalette to use, which specifies the set of residue types with which to design (to be pruned with TaskOperations).

---
