<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
Authors: Jared Adolf-Bryfogle (jadolfbr@gmail.com)  and Jason W. Labonte (JWLabonte@jhu.edu)
Mover to sample glycan linkages using conformers generated from the PDB using adaptive kernal density estimates.

```xml
<LinkageConformerMover name="(&string;)" upper_resnum="(&non_negative_integer;)"
        use_sugar_bb_if_needed="(true &bool;)"
        idealize_torsions="(false &bool;)" gaussian_sampling="(false &bool;)"
        sample_protein_linkage="(true &bool;)"
        use_conformer_population_stats="(true &bool;)"
        root_populations_only="(false &bool;)" residue_selector="(&string;)" />
```

-   **upper_resnum**: (REQUIRED) XRW TO DO
-   **use_sugar_bb_if_needed**: Use sugar backbone data if needed?
-   **idealize_torsions**: Use the Mean values of each torsion angle making up a conformer instead of sampling using the SD either uniformly or through a gaussian.
-   **gaussian_sampling**: Use standard deviation and means to sample on the gaussian of each torsion angle that make up a conformer
-   **sample_protein_linkage**: Also sample linkage between glycan and protein
-   **use_conformer_population_stats**: Use statistics about conformer populations for sampling
-   **root_populations_only**: Use population-based sampling for only the linkage between the amino acid and glycan residue
-   **residue_selector**: . The name of a previously declared residue selector or a logical expression of AND, NOT (!), OR, parentheses, and the names of previously declared residue selectors. Any capitalization of AND, NOT, and OR is accepted. An exclamation mark can be used instead of NOT. Boolean operators have their traditional priorities: NOT then AND then OR. For example, if selectors s1, s2, and s3 have been declared, you could write: 's1 or s2 and not s3' which would select a particular residue if that residue were selected by s1 or if it were selected by s2 but not by s3.

---
