<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
Adds a crosslinker linking two or more user-specified side-chains.

```xml
<CrosslinkerMover name="(&string;)" linker_name="(&string;)"
        symmetry="(&string;)" metal_type="(&string;)" add_linker="(&bool;)"
        constrain_linker="(&bool;)"
        pack_and_minimize_linker_and_sidechains="(&bool;)"
        sidechain_fastrelax_rounds="(&integer;)" do_final_fastrelax="(&bool;)"
        final_fastrelax_rounds="(&integer;)"
        filter_by_sidechain_distance="(&bool;)"
        sidechain_distance_filter_multiplier="(&real;)"
        filter_by_constraints_energy="(&bool;)"
        constraints_energy_filter_multiplier="(&real;)"
        filter_by_final_energy="(&bool;)" final_energy_cutoff="(&real;)"
        residue_selector="(&string;)" scorefxn="(&string;)" />
```

-   **linker_name**: (REQUIRED) The name of the type of linker to use.  For example, use TBMB for 1,3,5-tris(bromomethyl)benzene. (Allowed options are TBMB|TMA|tetrahedral_metal|octahedral_metal|trigonal_planar_metal|trigonal_pyramidal_metal|square_planar_metal|square_pyramidal_metal.)
-   **symmetry**: The symmetry of the input pose.  For example, "C3" for cyclic, threefold symmetry.  The symmetry must be a character followed by an integer.  Allowed characters are 'A' (asymmetric), 'C' (cyclic), 'D' (dihedral), and 'S' (mirror cyclic).
-   **metal_type**: For crosslinks mediated by metals, which metal is mediating the crosslink?  Defaults to "Zn".  (Should be written as an element name -- e.g. "Cu", "Ca", "Fe", etc.)
-   **add_linker**: Should the linker geometry be added to the pose?  Default true.
-   **constrain_linker**: Should constraints for the linker be added to the pose?  Default true.
-   **pack_and_minimize_linker_and_sidechains**: Should the linker and the connecting sidechains be repacked, and should the jump to the linker, and the linker and connnecting side-chain degrees of torsional freedom, be energy-minimized?  Default true.
-   **sidechain_fastrelax_rounds**: The number of rounds of FastRelax to apply when packing and minimizing side-chains and the liker.  Default 3.
-   **do_final_fastrelax**: Should the whole pose be subjected to a FastRelax?  Default false.
-   **final_fastrelax_rounds**: The number of rounds of FastRelax to apply when relaxing the whole pose.  Default 3.
-   **filter_by_sidechain_distance**: Prior to adding the linker geometry, should this mover abort with failure status if the selected side-chains are too far apart to connect to the linker?  Default true.
-   **sidechain_distance_filter_multiplier**: This is a multiplier for the sidechain distance cutoff filter.  Higher values make the filter less stringent.  Default 1.0.
-   **filter_by_constraints_energy**: After adding the linker geometry, adding constraints, and repacking and minimizing the linker and the connecting side-chains, should ths mover abort with failure status if the constraints energy is too high (i.e. the energy-minimized linker geometry is bad)?  Default true.
-   **constraints_energy_filter_multiplier**: This is a multiplier for the constraints energy cutoff filter.  Higher values make the filter less stringent.  Default 1.0.
-   **filter_by_final_energy**: At the end of this protocol, should this mover exit with error status if the final energy is above a user-defined cutoff?  Default false.
-   **final_energy_cutoff**: If we are exiting with error status if the final energy is too high, this is the energy cutoff.  Default 0.0.
-   **residue_selector**: (REQUIRED) A previously-defined residue selector that has been set up to select the residues that will be cross-linked.
-   **scorefxn**: (REQUIRED) A scorefunction to use for packing, energy-minimization, and filtering.  If constraints are turned off in this score function, they will be turned on automatically at apply time.

---
