<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
NormalModeRelax relaxes a structures to the coordinate directions derived from Anisotropic Network Model (ANM). The way how it works is: a) generate a extrapolated coordinates, b) put coordinate restraints to that coordinates, and c) run minimization or FastRelax. Current implementation tries multiple normal modes and returns the best scoring one

```xml
<NormalModeRelax name="(&string;)" cartesian="(true &bool;)"
        centroid="(false &bool;)" nmodes="(5 &non_negative_integer;)"
        mix_modes="(false &bool;)" pertscale="(1.0 &real;)"
        randomselect="(false &bool;)" relaxmode="(min &relaxmode_name;)"
        selection_kT="(1e6 &real;)" cartesian_minimize="(false &bool;)"
        nsample="(&non_negative_integer;)" k_bond="(&real;)" k_short="(&real;)"
        k_long="(&real;)" outsilent="(&string;)" scorefxn="(&string;)"
        chi="(true &bool;)" bb="(true &bool;)" >
    <MoveMap name="(&string;)" bb="(&bool;)" chi="(&bool;)" jump="(&bool;)" >
        <Jump number="(&non_negative_integer;)" setting="(&bool;)" />
        <Chain number="(&non_negative_integer;)" chi="(&bool;)" bb="(&bool;)" />
        <Span begin="(&non_negative_integer;)" end="(&non_negative_integer;)"
                chi="(&bool;)" bb="(&bool;)" bondangle="(&bool;)" bondlength="(&bool;)" />
    </MoveMap>
</NormalModeRelax>
```

-   **cartesian**: Use Cartesian normal model, which is recommended over Torsional normal mode
-   **centroid**: Use centroid description in the Mover. relaxmode = "relax" is prevented in this case
-   **nmodes**: How many normal modes to try
-   **mix_modes**: Whether use mixture of modes
-   **pertscale**: By how much to perturb the backbone in Angstrom
-   **randomselect**: Do random selection among sampled structures instead of picking best scoring one
-   **relaxmode**: The way of relaxing structure. "relax" calls FastRelax, "min" Minimizer
-   **selection_kT**: XRW TO DO
-   **cartesian_minimize**: Use cartesian minimization for relax or minimization
-   **nsample**: How many structures to try. This only works when mix_modes = true; otherwise will try 2*nmodes
-   **k_bond**: XRW TO DO
-   **k_short**: XRW TO DO
-   **k_long**: XRW TO DO
-   **outsilent**: Specifies name of output silent file to store all the sampled structures. By default the Mover won't output any silent
-   **scorefxn**: Scorefxn to relax poses and select among multiple solutions. For centroid mode, stage4
-   **chi**: XRW TO DO
-   **bb**: XRW TO DO


Subtag **MoveMap**:   MoveMap specification

-   **bb**: move backbone torsions?
-   **chi**: move sidechain chi torsions?
-   **jump**: move all jumps?


Subtag **Jump**:   jumps are the not-chemistry internal coordinate connections between separate parts of your pose

-   **number**: (REQUIRED) Which jump number (in the FoldTree)
-   **setting**: (REQUIRED) true for move, false for don't move

Subtag **Chain**:   this controls a kinematically contiguous chain (think protein chains)

-   **number**: (REQUIRED) which chain?
-   **chi**: (REQUIRED) move sidechain chi torsions?
-   **bb**: (REQUIRED) move backbone torsions?

Subtag **Span**:   XRW TO DO, probably a user-defined region of the Pose

-   **begin**: (REQUIRED) beginning of span
-   **end**: (REQUIRED) end of span
-   **chi**: (REQUIRED) move sidechain chi torsions?
-   **bb**: (REQUIRED) move backbone torsions?
-   **bondangle**: move 3-body angles?
-   **bondlength**: move 2-body lengths?

---
