<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
FastRelax mover used for design that can take constraint generators

```xml
<FastDesign name="(&string;)" scorefxn="(&string;)"
        disable_design="(true &bool;)" task_operations="(&string;)"
        task_factory="(&string;)" repeats="(5 &integer;)"
        relaxscript="(&string;)" cst_file="(&string;)" batch="(false &bool;)"
        cartesian="(false &bool;)" dualspace="(false &bool;)"
        ramp_down_constraints="(false &bool;)" bondangle="(false &bool;)"
        bondlength="(false &bool;)"
        min_type="(lbfgs_armijo_nonmonotone &minimizer_type;)"
        delete_virtual_residues_after_FastRelax="(&bool;)"
        clear_designable_residues="(&bool;)" cgs="(&string;)" >
    <MoveMap name="(&string;)" bb="(&bool;)" chi="(&bool;)" jump="(&bool;)" >
        <Jump number="(&non_negative_integer;)" setting="(&bool;)" />
        <Chain number="(&non_negative_integer;)" chi="(&bool;)" bb="(&bool;)" />
        <Span begin="(&non_negative_integer;)" end="(&non_negative_integer;)"
                chi="(&bool;)" bb="(&bool;)" bondangle="(&bool;)" bondlength="(&bool;)" />
    </MoveMap>
</FastDesign>
```

-   **scorefxn**: XRW TO DO
-   **disable_design**: Do not perform design even if a resfile is specified
-   **task_operations**: XRW TO DO
-   **task_factory**: XRW TO DO
-   **repeats**: Same as cmd-line FR. Number of fastrelax repeats to perform
-   **relaxscript**: a filename for a relax script, as described in the documentation for the Relax application; the default relax script is used if not specified
-   **cst_file**: Add constraints from the constraint file
-   **batch**: Perform BatchRelax?
-   **cartesian**: Use cartesian minimization
-   **dualspace**: Use dualspace minimization
-   **ramp_down_constraints**: Ramp down constraint weights over the course of the protocol
-   **bondangle**: Minimize bond angles
-   **bondlength**: Minimize bond lengths
-   **min_type**: Minimizer type to use
-   **delete_virtual_residues_after_FastRelax**: Should virtual residues be deleted when the protocol completes?
-   **clear_designable_residues**: Clear the set of designable residues?
-   **cgs**: Names of previously specified constraint generators to apply during this run


Subtag **MoveMap**:   XRW TO DO

-   **bb**: move backbone torsions?
-   **chi**: move sidechain chi torsions?
-   **jump**: move all jumps?


Subtag **Jump**:   jumps are the not-chemistry internal coordinate connections between separate parts of your pose

-   **number**: (REQUIRED) Which jump number (in the FoldTree)
-   **setting**: (REQUIRED) true for move, false for don't move

Subtag **Chain**:   this controls a kinematically contiguous chain (think protein chains)

-   **number**: (REQUIRED) which chain?
-   **chi**: (REQUIRED) move sidechain chi torsions?
-   **bb**: (REQUIRED) move backbone torsions?

Subtag **Span**:   XRW TO DO, probably a user-defined region of the Pose

-   **begin**: (REQUIRED) beginning of span
-   **end**: (REQUIRED) end of span
-   **chi**: (REQUIRED) move sidechain chi torsions?
-   **bb**: (REQUIRED) move backbone torsions?
-   **bondangle**: move 3-body angles?
-   **bondlength**: move 2-body lengths?

---
