<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
HBNet is a method to explicitly detect and design hydrogen bond networks within Rosetta. It functions as a mover within the RosettaScripts framework and will exhaustively search for all networks within the design space that you define with TaskOperations

```xml
<HBNet name="(&string;)" hb_threshold="(-0.5 &real;)"
        onebody_hb_threshold="(-0.4 &real;)"
        charge_charge_rep_cutoff="(1.0 &real;)" clash_threshold="(1.0 &real;)"
        find_native_networks="(false &bool;)"
        find_only_native_networks="(false &bool;)"
        keep_existing_networks="(false &bool;)"
        extend_existing_networks="(false &bool;)"
        only_extend_existing="(false &bool;)" minimize="(true &bool;)"
        store_subnetworks="(false &bool;)" secondary_search="(false &bool;)"
        secondary_threshold="(-0.25 &real;)" write_network_pdbs="(false &bool;)"
        write_cst_files="(true &bool;)"
        max_replicates="(1 &non_negative_integer;)"
        constraint_resfile_property="(NATRO &string;)"
        pore_radius="(2.5 &real;)" atom_burial_cutoff="(0.5 &real;)"
        tyr_hydroxyls_must_donate="(false &bool;)"
        hydroxyls_must_donate="(false &bool;)" use_pdb_numbering="(true &bool;)"
        no_heavy_unsats_allowed="(1 &bool;)" show_task="(false &bool;)"
        min_network_size="(3 &non_negative_integer;)"
        max_network_size="(15 &non_negative_integer;)"
        min_unique_networks="(1 &non_negative_integer;)"
        min_core_res="(0 &non_negative_integer;)"
        min_boundary_res="(0 &non_negative_integer;)"
        max_unsat="(5 &non_negative_integer;)" dump_resfile="(false &bool;)"
        start_from_csts="(false &bool;)" benchmark="(false &bool;)"
        verbose="(false &bool;)" design_residues="(STRKHYWNQDE &string;)"
        start_resnums="(&residue_number_cslist;)" start_selector="(&string;)"
        core_selector="(&string;)" boundary_selector="(&string;)"
        task_operations="(&string;)" scorefxn="(&string;)" />
```

-   **hb_threshold**: 2-body h-bond energy cutoff to define rotamer pairs that h-bond. I've found that -0.5 without ex1-ex2 is the best starting point. If using ex1-ex2, try -0.75. This parameter is the most important and requires some tuning; the tradeoff is that the more stringent (more negative), the faster it runs but you miss a lot of networks; too positive and it will run forever; using ex1-ex2 results in many redundant networks that end up being filtered out anyway.
-   **onebody_hb_threshold**: h-bond energy cutoff with their symmetric clones to define rotamer pairs that h-bond.
-   **charge_charge_rep_cutoff**: XRW TO DO
-   **clash_threshold**: XRW TO DO
-   **find_native_networks**: Will find and report native networks in input pose but will also do design; for keep_existing_networks=true or extend_existing_networks=true, in addition to starting from "HBNet" PDBInfoLabel tags, HBnet will find all native networks in your input pose that meet your criteria (specified by options).
-   **find_only_native_networks**: HBnet will find only find native networks in your input pose that meet your criteria (specified by options) and return a single pose with csts for those networks. If this option is true, all options below are overridden and HBNet does not search for new networks
-   **keep_existing_networks**: In addition to design, Keeps existing networks from the input pose for each pose returned by HBNet, and turn on csts for all; existing networks are identified by default by "HBNet" PDBInfoLabel tags in the input pose, but can also be detected anew by setting find_native_networks=1. If keep_existing_networks=true and extend_existing_networks=false, then HBNet internally turns off design at input network positions (prevent_repacking); new networks are searched for and designed at the other positions based on your task_ops. If keep_existing_networks=true and extend_existing_networks=true, then HBNet internally puts only the input rotamer of each network residue into the IG to try to extend; an extended network will replace its native network if it is better (otherwise native networks retained).
-   **extend_existing_networks**: Detects existing networks and tries to extend them, and also will search for new networks at other positions based on your criteria. Existing networks identified by HBNet PDBInfoLabel tags in the input pose, but can also be detected anew by setting find_native_networks=1. For existing networks, HBNet internally puts only the input rotamer of each network residue into the IG to try to extend; an extended network will replace its native network if it is better (otherwise native networks retained).
-   **only_extend_existing**: Will not look for new networks at other positions; will only try to extend and improve the existing networks.
-   **minimize**: XRW TO DO
-   **store_subnetworks**: XRW TO DO
-   **secondary_search**: if during IG traversal, a search trajectory terminates in rotamer than cannot make any h-bonds, search again from that rotamer using a lower hb_threshold (-0.25)
-   **secondary_threshold**: XRW TO DO
-   **write_network_pdbs**: writes out pdb files of only the network (in poly-Ala background where any designable/packable residue is Ala -- rest of pose untouched); this is simply for debugging and visualizing the network as detected by HBNet
-   **write_cst_files**: writes out Rosetta .cst constraint files for each network
-   **max_replicates**: XRW TO DO
-   **constraint_resfile_property**: XRW TO DO
-   **pore_radius**: XRW TO DO
-   **atom_burial_cutoff**: XRW TO DO
-   **tyr_hydroxyls_must_donate**: XRW TO DO
-   **hydroxyls_must_donate**: XRW TO DO
-   **use_pdb_numbering**: XRW TO DO
-   **no_heavy_unsats_allowed**: see max_unsats for details
-   **show_task**: XRW TO DO
-   **min_network_size**: minimum number of residues required for each network. Note: in symmetric cases, this refers to the number of residues in the ASU!
-   **max_network_size**: maximum number of residues required for each network
-   **min_unique_networks**: XRW TO DO
-   **min_core_res**: minimum core residues each network must have (as defined by core selector)
-   **min_boundary_res**: XRW TO DO
-   **max_unsat**: maximum number of buried unsatisfied polar atoms allowed in each network. Note that the way I treat buried unsats. is very different from all of the other Buried Unsatisfied calculators/filters in Rosetta. I have plans to move this code outside of HBNet and turn it into its own calculator/filter. Short version is that if there are heavy atom donors or acceptors that are buried and unsatisfied, those networks are thrown out, and I only count unsatisfied Hpols where the heavy atom donor is making at least one hydrogen bond. This behavior can be overridden to allow heavy atom unsats by setting no_heavy_unsats_allowed=false.
-   **dump_resfile**: XRW TO DO
-   **start_from_csts**: XRW TO DO
-   **benchmark**: XRW TO DO
-   **verbose**: XRW TO DO
-   **design_residues**: string of one-letter AA codes; which polar residues types do you want to include in the search; the default is all AA's that can potentially make h-bonds, further restricted by the task_operations you pass.
-   **start_resnums**: comma delimited list of residue positions to start network search from (e.g. "1,2,3,5"); now is better to use start_selector residue selector
-   **start_selector**: residue selector that tells HBNet which residues to start from (will only search for networks that include these resid
-   **core_selector**: residue selector that defines what HBNet considers "core"; used in buriedness determination for unsats; default is layer selector default using sidechain neighbors(core=5.2).
-   **boundary_selector**: XRW_TODO
-   **task_operations**: A comma separated list of TaskOperations to use.
-   **scorefxn**: Name of score function to use

---
