<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
add_only one-step SEWING. Subelements of E,L or H can be given. Filter subelements can be added to filter segments.

```xml
<SewAnythingAddMover name="(&string;)" use_mt="(false &xs:boolean;)"
        use_absolute_sizes="(true &xs:boolean;)"
        use_relative_sizes="(false &xs:boolean;)" segment_file_path="(&string;)"
        even_sampling="(false &xs:boolean;)"
        permissible_segment_ends="(EHL &string;)"
        permissible_termini="(NC &string;)"
        max_attempts="(1000 &positive_integer;)"
        seg_attempts="(500 &positive_integer;)" seg_filters="(&string;)"
        post_filters="(&string;)" sort_metric="(&string;)"
        positive_metric_is_better="(false &xs:boolean;)"
        hashable_element_min_size="(4 &positive_integer;)"
        hashable_element_max_size="(40 &positive_integer;)"
        hashable_element_relative_min_size="(100 &positive_integer;)"
        hashable_element_relative_max_size="(100 &positive_integer;)"
        max_cter_len="(100 &positive_integer;)"
        max_nter_len="(100 &positive_integer;)" clash_radius="(4.0 &real;)"
        trim_terminal_loops="(true &xs:boolean;)"
        window_width="(4 &positive_integer;)"
        alignment_max_distance="(0.5 &real;)"
        clash_check_all_backbone_atoms="(false &xs:boolean;)"
        fail_on_no_match="(false &xs:boolean;)"
        clash_check_v2="(true &xs:boolean;)"
        allow_DSSP_insertion="(true &xs:boolean;)" />
```

-   **use_mt**: Add MoltenTopology for segments and final pose?  Useful when working with sheets to reduce re-calculations
-   **use_absolute_sizes**: consider the absolute sizes of the hashable elements
-   **use_relative_sizes**: consider the relative sizes of the hashable elements
-   **segment_file_path**: Path to directory containing segment file.  Multiple paths can be given now, comma-delimited. Can also use the Segment sub block. Required if not using subblocks.
-   **even_sampling**: Perform even sampling when using multiple segment files?  If false, segments with larger members will dominate.
-   **permissible_segment_ends**: DSSP codes of segment ends we are allowed to hybridize
-   **permissible_termini**: DSSP codes of segment ends we are allowed to hybridize
-   **max_attempts**: how many attempts can we make per add?
-   **seg_attempts**: How many segment attempts can make if using filters?
-   **seg_filters**: Optional Comma-delimited list of previously defined filter(s) that will be run on each chosen segment before chimerization.
-   **post_filters**: Optional Comma-delimited list of previously defined filter(s) that will be run on after chimerization. Will try all basis pairs and stop when filter has passed.
-   **sort_metric**: Optional RealMetric to be used for sorting.  Will sort on all basis pairs.  If combined with a filter, will only sort if the filter has passed.
-   **positive_metric_is_better**: If we are sorting, are positive scores better?
-   **hashable_element_min_size**: how short can the final chimeric segments be
-   **hashable_element_max_size**: how long can the final chimeric segments be
-   **hashable_element_relative_min_size**: how short can the final chimeric segments be relative to the initial segment
-   **hashable_element_relative_max_size**: how long can the final chimeric segments be relative to the initial segment
-   **max_cter_len**: Maximum length of nter element
-   **max_nter_len**: Maximum length of nter element
-   **clash_radius**: how close two atoms can get before a clash is registered
-   **trim_terminal_loops**: do we make a segment_file?
-   **window_width**: Required number of overlapping residues for two segments to be considered a match. Used in hashless SEWING only (for hashed SEWING, this is determined by the hasher settings used when generating the edge file).
-   **alignment_max_distance**: maximum distance in Angstroms any atom of residues at the far side of a window can be
-   **clash_check_all_backbone_atoms**: should we check all backbone atoms of all residues during clash check
-   **fail_on_no_match**: Should we utility_exit if no good matches are found at the end of max_attempts?
-   **clash_check_v2**: Enable Clash Check v2?  This reduces E-E clash radius to 3.5.
-   **allow_DSSP_insertion**: let sewing add DSSP if it needs

---
