<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
Performs purely local moves using rotations around axes defined by two backbone atoms

```xml
<Backrub name="(&string;)" pivot_residues="(&string;)"
        pivot_atoms="(CA &string;)" min_atoms="(3 &non_negative_integer;)"
        max_atoms="(34 &non_negative_integer;)"
        max_angle_disp_4="(0.698132 &real;)"
        max_angle_disp_7="(0.349066 &real;)"
        max_angle_disp_slope="(-0.005818 &real;)"
        preserve_detailed_balance="(false &bool;)"
        require_mm_bend="(true &bool;)" movemap_factory="(&string;)" >
    <MoveMap name="(&string;)" bb="(&bool;)" chi="(&bool;)" jump="(&bool;)" >
        <Jump number="(&non_negative_integer;)" setting="(&bool;)" />
        <Chain number="(&non_negative_integer;)" chi="(&bool;)" bb="(&bool;)" />
        <Span begin="(&non_negative_integer;)" end="(&non_negative_integer;)"
                chi="(&bool;)" bb="(&bool;)" bondangle="(&bool;)" bondlength="(&bool;)" />
        <ResidueSelector selector="(&string;)" chi="(&bool;)" bb="(&bool;)"
                bondangle="(&bool;)" bondlength="(&bool;)" />
    </MoveMap>
</Backrub>
```

-   **pivot_residues**: residues for which contiguous stretches can contain segments (comma separated) can use PDB numbers ([resnum][chain]) or absolute Rosetta numbers (integer)
-   **pivot_atoms**: main chain atoms usable as pivots (comma separated)
-   **min_atoms**: minimum backrub segment size (atoms)
-   **max_atoms**: maximum backrub segment size (atoms)
-   **max_angle_disp_4**: maximum angular displacement for 4 atom segments (radians)
-   **max_angle_disp_7**: maximum angular displacement for 7 atom segments (radians)
-   **max_angle_disp_slope**: maximum angular displacement slope for other atom segments (radians)
-   **preserve_detailed_balance**: if set to true, does not change branching atom angles during apply and sets ideal branch angles during initialization if used with MetropolisHastings
-   **require_mm_bend**: if true and used with MetropolisHastings, will exit if mm_bend is not in the score function
-   **movemap_factory**: The name of the pre-defined MoveMapfactory that will be used to alter the default behaviour of the MoveMap. By default, all backbone, chi, and jump DOFs are allowed to change. A MoveMapFactory can be used to change which of those DOFs are actually enabled. The provision of MoveMapFactory can allowdynamic allocation as the factory can take residues from the residue selector.Be warned that combining a MoveMapFactory with a Movemap can result in unexpected behaviour. The Movemap provided as a subelement of this element will be generated, and then the DoF modifications specified in the MoveMap Factory will be applied afterwards. Note that if residues are defined with the pivot_residues tag, they will override residues defined by both the movemap or the movemap factory


Subtag **MoveMap**:   MoveMap specification

-   **bb**: move backbone torsions?
-   **chi**: move sidechain chi torsions?
-   **jump**: move all jumps?


Subtag **Jump**:   jumps are the not-chemistry internal coordinate connections between separate parts of your pose

-   **number**: (REQUIRED) Which jump number (in the FoldTree)
-   **setting**: (REQUIRED) true for move, false for don't move

Subtag **Chain**:   this controls a kinematically contiguous chain (think protein chains)

-   **number**: (REQUIRED) which chain?
-   **chi**: (REQUIRED) move sidechain chi torsions?
-   **bb**: (REQUIRED) move backbone torsions?

Subtag **Span**:   XRW TO DO, probably a user-defined region of the Pose

-   **begin**: (REQUIRED) beginning of span
-   **end**: (REQUIRED) end of span
-   **chi**: (REQUIRED) move sidechain chi torsions?
-   **bb**: (REQUIRED) move backbone torsions?
-   **bondangle**: move 3-body angles?
-   **bondlength**: move 2-body lengths?

Subtag **ResidueSelector**:   Residue selector defined region of the Pose.

-   **selector**: (REQUIRED) Residue selector
-   **chi**: (REQUIRED) move sidechain chi torsions?
-   **bb**: (REQUIRED) move backbone torsions?
-   **bondangle**: move 3-body angles?
-   **bondlength**: move 2-body lengths?

---
