<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
Used to extract a subset of the subunits from a symmetric pose based on contacts with a user specified component (via sym_dof_name(s)). This subpose is dumped as a pdb with the user specified prefix, suffix, and basename derived from the job distributer. DOES NOT MODIFY THE POSE. For each sym_dof_name passed by the user, all neighboring subunits (as assessed by CA or CB contacts with the user specified contact_distance (10.0 A by default)). If extras=true, then all the full building block for each sym_dof will be extracted along with all touching building blocks.

```xml
<ExtractSubposeMover name="(&string;)" sym_dof_names="(&string;)"
        prefix="(XRW TO DO &string;)" suffix="(XRW TO DO &string;)"
        contact_dist="(10.0 &real;)" extras="(0 &bool;)" />
```

-   **sym_dof_names**: This is 'optional', but if you do not specify sym_dof_names, you might just get a full pose or empty pose instead of a smaller number of subunits. Name(s) of the sym_dofs corresponding to the primary component(s) to extract along with the neighboring subunits/building blocks. Passed as a string (optionally: with a comma-separated list).
-   **prefix**: Prefix of choice for output
-   **suffix**: Suffix of choice for output
-   **contact_dist**: Maximum CA or CB distance from any residue in the primary component(s) to any residue in another component for it to be considered a 'neighbor' and added to the extracted subpose. Default is '10.0' angstroms.
-   **extras**: Boolean option to set whether or not full building blocks are extracted rather than just subunits.

---
