<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
Author: Frederick Chan (fredchan@uw.edu)
Predict (design) AA identities using the ProteinMPNN deep learning model, and thread the predicted sequence onto the pose. Attempting to use this will result in a runtime error unless Rosetta was successfully compiled with `extras=torch`.

```xml
<ProteinMPNNMover name="(&string;)" deterministic_flag="(false &bool;)"
        temperature="(0.1 &real;)" omit_AAs="(X &string;)"
        design_selector="(&string;)" coord_selector="(&string;)"
        task_operations="(&task_operation_comma_separated_list;)"
        packer_palette="(&named_packer_palette;)" >
    <TiedPositions residue_selectors="(&string;)" />
</ProteinMPNNMover>
```

-   **deterministic_flag**: Whether to enable deterministic mode. Setting to true overrides temperature. Defaults to false.
-   **temperature**: Sampling temperature. Defaults to 0.1.
-   **omit_AAs**: List of globally disallowed AA types (plus unknown 'X'). Defaults to all AAs allowed except X.
-   **design_selector**: Name of residue selector that selects designable positions. If none provided, all residues are designable.
-   **coord_selector**: Name of residue selector that selects per-residue coordinates to pass to ProteinMPNN. If none selected, all coordinates are passed.
-   **task_operations**: A comma-separated list of TaskOperations to use.
-   **packer_palette**: A previously-defined PackerPalette to use, which specifies the set of residue types with which to design (to be pruned with TaskOperations).


Subtag **TiedPositions**:   

-   **residue_selectors**: Comma separated list of residue selectors to tie together. The first residues of each selector will be tied together, then the second, etc. Each residue selector must have the same number of residues.

---
