<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
Protocol for docking flexible peptides onto globular proteins.

```xml
<FlexPepDock name="(&string;)" scorefxn_lowres="(&string;)"
        lowres_abinitio="(&bool;)" lowres_preoptimize="(&bool;)"
        min_only="(&bool;)" random_phi_psi_pert="(&bool;)" extend="(&bool;)"
        place_peptide="(&bool;)" slideintocontact="(&bool;)"
        recal_foldtree="(&bool;)" pep_refine="(&bool;)"
        peptide_loop_model="(&bool;)" design_peptide="(&bool;)"
        backrub_opt="(&bool;)" boost_fa_atr="(&bool;)" ramp_fa_rep="(&bool;)"
        ramp_rama="(&bool;)" extra_scoring="(&bool;)" min_receptor_bb="(&bool;)"
        ppk_only="(&bool;)" no_prepack1="(&bool;)" no_prepack2="(&bool;)"
        score_filter="(&bool;)" hb_filter="(&bool;)" hotspot_filter="(&bool;)"
        pSer2Asp_centroid="(&bool;)" pSer2Glu_centroid="(&bool;)"
        random_phi_psi_pert_size="(&non_negative_integer;)"
        sample_pc="(&non_negative_integer;)"
        rep_ramp_cycles="(&non_negative_integer;)"
        mcm_cycles="(&non_negative_integer;)" rb_trans_size="(&real;)"
        rb_rot_size="(&real;)" smove_angle_range="(&real;)" />
```

-   **scorefxn_lowres**: Score function to use for low resolution step.
-   **lowres_abinitio**: Invoke the ab-initio protocol
-   **lowres_preoptimize**: Perform a round of centroid mode optimization before high-resolution Refinement
-   **min_only**: Apply just a minimization step.
-   **random_phi_psi_pert**: Perform a random perturbation of all peptide phi-psi angles
-   **extend**: Set all peptide dihedrals to extended state
-   **place_peptide**: Place peptide first principle component along the binding site first principle component
-   **slideintocontact**: Move partners toward or away from from each other to a contacting orientation
-   **recal_foldtree**: Should foldtree be recalculated upon peptide moves
-   **pep_refine**: Invoke the refinement protocol
-   **peptide_loop_model**: Take a radnom subset of the peptide and send to loop modeling
-   **design_peptide**: Within refinement, design protein facing peptide positions
-   **backrub_opt**: Perform optional backrub move on peptide
-   **boost_fa_atr**: Gradually ramp down fa_atr from a ramped up value back to default
-   **ramp_fa_rep**: Gradually ramp up weight on full atom prepulsion term.
-   **ramp_rama**: Gradually ramp up weight on ramachandran scoring term.
-   **extra_scoring**: Scoring only mode
-   **min_receptor_bb**: Perform the final scoring, w/o constraints for receptor backbone.
-   **ppk_only**: Just prepacking.
-   **no_prepack1**: Don't prepack parter 1
-   **no_prepack2**: Don't prepack partner 2
-   **score_filter**: Filter for structures under given score_filter value
-   **hb_filter**: Filter for structures with at least the given numer of hyrogen bonds. As of Aug 2017, this option is still not available
-   **hotspot_filter**: Filter for structures with at least the given numer of hotspots. As of Aug 2017, this option is still not available
-   **pSer2Asp_centroid**: Convert all phospho-ser residues to asp in the low-resolution part
-   **pSer2Glu_centroid**: Convert all phospho-ser residues to glu in the low-resolution part
-   **random_phi_psi_pert_size**: Randomly perturb phi-psi of peptide to a given range.
-   **sample_pc**: Number of principal components to use when sampling different peptide conformations in pocket
-   **rep_ramp_cycles**: Number of cycles for which gradual ramping of full-atom repulsion is performed
-   **mcm_cycles**: Number of rigid-body and/or torsions MCM cycles to perform
-   **rb_trans_size**: Size of random perturbation of peptide's rigid body translation
-   **rb_rot_size**: Size of random perturbation of peptide's rigid body rotation
-   **smove_angle_range**: Maximum angle value used for small and shear moves on the peptide

---
