<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
A mover that takes a cyclic peptide and alters its position (rigid-body transform), superimposing it on a cyclic permutation or reverse cyclic permutation of itself.  Created 22 November 2021 by Vikram K. Mulligan and Stephan Kudlacek.

```xml
<CycpepRigidBodyPermutationMover name="(&string;)" mode="(&string;)"
        allow_random_inversion="(&bool;)" set_permutation_offset="(&integer;)"
        set_inverse_alignment="(&bool;)" random_position_offset="(&real;)"
        random_orientation_perturbation="(&real;)" residue_selector="(&string;)" />
```

-   **mode**: The mode for this mover, used to set whether we're setting a particular permutation or whether we're drawing randomly from possible permutations.  Allowed settings are: set_permutation and randomized_permutation.
-   **allow_random_inversion**: If true (the default), then in randomized_permutation mode, allowed permutations include those that align the peptide to a reversed permutation of itself.  If false, then only forward permutations are allowed.  Only used in randomized_permutation mode.  See set_inverse_alignment for the related setting for set_permutation mode.
-   **set_permutation_offset**: The cyclic permutation offset.  If aligning to the forward sequence, this is the offset in the forward direction along the sequence.  If aligning to the reversed sequence, this is the offset in the backward direction.  Only used in set_permutation mode.
-   **set_inverse_alignment**: Sets whether we align the peptide to its forward sequence or to its reversed sequence.  Only used in set_permutation mode.  See allow_random_inversion for the related setting for randomized_permutation mode.
-   **random_position_offset**: The magnitude of a random offset, in Angstroms, that will be applied to the peptide position after every cyclic permutation. The direction is wholly random.  Set this to 0.0 to disable.  Used in all modes.
-   **random_orientation_perturbation**: The magnitude of a random perturbation, in degrees, that will be applied to the peptide orientation after every cyclic permutation. The rotation axis is wholly random, while the center of rotation is the peptide centroid.  Set this to 0.0 to disable.  Used in all modes.
-   **residue_selector**: An optional residue selector, used to select the cyclic peptide part of a pose. The name of a previously declared residue selector or a logical expression of AND, NOT (!), OR, parentheses, and the names of previously declared residue selectors. Any capitalization of AND, NOT, and OR is accepted. An exclamation mark can be used instead of NOT. Boolean operators have their traditional priorities: NOT then AND then OR. For example, if selectors s1, s2, and s3 have been declared, you could write: 's1 or s2 and not s3' which would select a particular residue if that residue were selected by s1 or if it were selected by s2 but not by s3.

---
