<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
Performs a monte carlo search of the ligand ensemble binding site using precomputed scoring grids. Replaces the Translate, Rotate, and SlideTogether movers.

```xml
<TransformEnsemble name="(&string;)" chains="(&string;)"
        sampled_space_file="(&string;)" move_distance="(&real;)"
        box_size="(&real;)" angle="(&real;)" temperature="(&real;)"
        cycles="(&non_negative_integer;)" repeats="(1 &non_negative_integer;)"
        optimize_until_score_is_negative="(false &bool;)"
        use_main_model="(false &bool;)" use_conformers="(true &bool;)"
        ensemble_proteins="(&string;)"
        initial_perturb="(0.0 &non_negative_real;)"
        grid_set="(default &string;)" />
```

-   **chains**: (REQUIRED) Ligand chains, specified as the PDB chain IDs
-   **sampled_space_file**: XRW TO DO
-   **move_distance**: (REQUIRED) Maximum translation performed per step in the monte carlo search.
-   **box_size**: (REQUIRED) Maximum translation that can occur from the ligand starting point.
-   **angle**: (REQUIRED) Maximum rotation angle performed per step in the monte carlo search.
-   **temperature**: (REQUIRED) Boltzmann temperature for the monte carlo simulation.
-   **cycles**: (REQUIRED) Total number of steps to be performed in the monte carlo simulation.
-   **repeats**: Total number of repeats of the monte carlo simulation to be performed.
-   **optimize_until_score_is_negative**: Continue sampling beyond "cycles" if score is positive
-   **use_main_model**: Use the primary input protein model regardless of scores
-   **use_conformers**: Use ligand conformations while sampling
-   **ensemble_proteins**: File to read protein ensemble options from
-   **initial_perturb**: Make an initial, unscored translation and rotation Translation will be selected uniformly in a sphere of the given radius (Angstrom).Automatically triggers 360 degrees randomized rotation
-   **grid_set**: The Scoring Grid set to use with TransformEnsemble scoring

---
