<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
Inserts strand-strand rigid body translations into jumps between predicted adjacent beta strands.

```xml
<FragmentJumpCM name="(&string;)" selector="(&string;)" topol_file="(&string;)"
        ss_info="(&string;)" pairing_file="(&string;)"
        n_sheets="(0 &non_negative_integer;)" random_sheets="(true &bool;)"
        restart_only="(false &bool;)" initialize="(true &bool;)" />
```

-   **selector**: Residue selector specifying region where this mover will be applied. The name of a previously declared residue selector or a logical expression of AND, NOT (!), OR, parentheses, and the names of previously declared residue selectors. Any capitalization of AND, NOT, and OR is accepted. An exclamation mark can be used instead of NOT. Boolean operators have their traditional priorities: NOT then AND then OR. For example, if selectors s1, s2, and s3 have been declared, you could write: 's1 or s2 and not s3' which would select a particular residue if that residue were selected by s1 or if it were selected by s2 but not by s3.
-   **topol_file**: File specifying topology for the pose. If not provided, must specify ss_info, pairing_file, and n_sheets
-   **ss_info**: File containing secondary structure information for the pose. Incompatible with topol_file.
-   **pairing_file**: File containing info on secondary structure pairing for the pose.
-   **n_sheets**: Number of beta sheets
-   **random_sheets**: Should beta sheets be built randomly?
-   **restart_only**: Do not reset the topology for this pose
-   **initialize**: Apply FragmentJumpCM after brokering is complete?

---
