<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
Performs the fast relax protocol

```xml
<FastRelax name="(&string;)" scorefxn="(&string;)"
        disable_design="(true &bool;)"
        task_operations="(&task_operation_comma_separated_list;)"
        task_factory="(&string;)" packer_palette="(&named_packer_palette;)"
        repeats="(5 &integer;)" relaxscript="(default &string;)"
        cst_file="(&string;)" batch="(false &bool;)" cartesian="(false &bool;)"
        dualspace="(false &bool;)" ramp_down_constraints="(false &bool;)"
        bondangle="(false &bool;)" bondlength="(false &bool;)"
        min_type="(lbfgs_armijo_nonmonotone &minimizer_type;)"
        delete_virtual_residues_after_FastRelax="(&bool;)"
        movemap_factory="(&string;)" >
    <MoveMap name="(&string;)" bb="(&bool;)" chi="(&bool;)" jump="(&bool;)" >
        <Jump number="(&non_negative_integer;)" setting="(&bool;)" />
        <Chain number="(&non_negative_integer;)" chi="(&bool;)" bb="(&bool;)" />
        <Span begin="(&non_negative_integer;)" end="(&non_negative_integer;)"
                chi="(&bool;)" bb="(&bool;)" bondangle="(&bool;)" bondlength="(&bool;)" />
    </MoveMap>
</FastRelax>
```

-   **scorefxn**: Name of score function to use
-   **disable_design**: Do not perform design even if a resfile is specified
-   **task_operations**: A comma-separated list of TaskOperations to use.
-   **task_factory**: A TaskFactory specification to use.
-   **packer_palette**: A previously-defined PackerPalette to use, which specifies the set of residue types with which to design (to be pruned with TaskOperations).
-   **repeats**: Same as cmd-line FR. Number of fastrelax repeats to perform
-   **relaxscript**: a filename for a relax script, as described in the documentation for the Relax application; the default relax script is used if not specified
-   **cst_file**: Add constraints from the constraint file
-   **batch**: Perform BatchRelax?
-   **cartesian**: Use cartesian minimization
-   **dualspace**: Use dualspace minimization
-   **ramp_down_constraints**: Ramp down constraint weights over the course of the protocol
-   **bondangle**: Minimize bond angles
-   **bondlength**: Minimize bond lengths
-   **min_type**: Minimizer type to use
-   **delete_virtual_residues_after_FastRelax**: Should virtual residues be deleted when the protocol completes?
-   **movemap_factory**: The name of the already-defined MoveMapFactory that will be used to alter the default behavior of the MoveMap. By default, all backbone, chi, and jump DOFs are allowed to change. A MoveMapFactory can be used to change which of those DOFs are actually enabled. Be warned that combining a MoveMapFactory with a MoveMap can result in unexpected behavior. The MoveMap provided as a subelement of this element will be generated, and then the DOF modifications specified in the MoveMapFactory will be applied afterwards. E.g., if the MoveMap says to allow bb flexibility for res 1-10, and then the MoveMapFactory says to disable all bb flexibility, the MoveMapFactory modification will happen second, and this second modification will completely override the MoveMap's initial instructions. Pay attention to the precedence rules of the MoveMap. If high-level instructions (e.g. 'apply to all') are performed after low-level instructions, then the low-level instructions are erased. If low-level instructions (e.g. 'apply to a particular residue') are performed after a high-level instructions, the low-level instructions override the high-level instructions. E.g., if there are 100 residues, then the instruction 'all-all-bb' followed by 'disable-bb-for-residues-10-to-30' followed by the instruction 'allow-bb-for-bb-dihedral-number-3-for-residue-15' will mean that residues 1-9 will be allowed backbone flexibility, and residues 31-100, too, and that only backbone dihedral 3 on residue 15 will have flexibility among the residues from 10 to 30. However, if a final instruction 'disallow-all-bb' is given, then no backbone dihedrals will be free, not even dihedral 3 on residue 15.


Subtag **MoveMap**:   MoveMap specification

-   **bb**: move backbone torsions?
-   **chi**: move sidechain chi torsions?
-   **jump**: move all jumps?


Subtag **Jump**:   jumps are the not-chemistry internal coordinate connections between separate parts of your pose

-   **number**: (REQUIRED) Which jump number (in the FoldTree)
-   **setting**: (REQUIRED) true for move, false for don't move

Subtag **Chain**:   this controls a kinematically contiguous chain (think protein chains)

-   **number**: (REQUIRED) which chain?
-   **chi**: (REQUIRED) move sidechain chi torsions?
-   **bb**: (REQUIRED) move backbone torsions?

Subtag **Span**:   XRW TO DO, probably a user-defined region of the Pose

-   **begin**: (REQUIRED) beginning of span
-   **end**: (REQUIRED) end of span
-   **chi**: (REQUIRED) move sidechain chi torsions?
-   **bb**: (REQUIRED) move backbone torsions?
-   **bondangle**: move 3-body angles?
-   **bondlength**: move 2-body lengths?

---
