<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
Change conformation of antibody segment

```xml
<SpliceInAntibody name="(&string;)" tolerance="(0.23 &real;)"
        ignore_chain_break="(false &bool;)" debug="(false &bool;)"
        min_seg="(false &bool;)" chain_num="(1 &non_negative_integer;)"
        segment="(&string;)" superimposed="(true &bool;)"
        delta_lengths="(&int_cslist;)" dbase_iterate="(false &bool;)"
        database_entry="(&non_negative_integer;)"
        database_pdb_entry="(&string;)" scorefxn="(&string;)"
        template_file="(&string;)"
        task_operations="(&task_operation_comma_separated_list;)"
        packer_palette="(&named_packer_palette;)" torsion_database="(&string;)"
        design_shell="(6.0 &real;)" repack_shell="(8.0 &real;)"
        rtmin="(true &bool;)" restrict_to_repacking_chain2="(true &bool;)"
        use_sequence_profile="(true &bool;)" />
```

-   **tolerance**: How many standard deviations is the bond length of the chain-break from the norm.
-   **ignore_chain_break**: XRW TO DO
-   **debug**: If true, make output more verbose and dump pdbs.
-   **min_seg**: Apply minimization on backbone and side-chains of the new segment conformation.
-   **chain_num**: Specify pose chain number
-   **segment**: Which segment type are we changing (L1_L2,H1_H2,L3, or H3)
-   **superimposed**: Is the pose aligned to the template antibody
-   **delta_lengths**: A list of integers separated by commas, specifying the length deltas between the current segment's lengths and those sampled from the database. E.g. if delta_length=-1,1 then only conformations that are longer or shorter by one residue compared to the original segment will be sampled.
-   **dbase_iterate**: XRW TO DO
-   **database_entry**: Specify entry number of conformation to sample from conformation database.
-   **database_pdb_entry**: Specify entry PDB code of conformation to sample from conformation database.
-   **scorefxn**: Name of score function to use
-   **template_file**: The pdb file used to construct the conformation database.
-   **task_operations**: A comma-separated list of TaskOperations to use.
-   **packer_palette**: A previously-defined PackerPalette to use, which specifies the set of residue types with which to design (to be pruned with TaskOperations).
-   **torsion_database**: path to conformation database file.
-   **design_shell**: design shell around sampled conformation.
-   **repack_shell**: repack shell around sampled conformation.
-   **rtmin**: bool. Perform rtmin on new segment?
-   **restrict_to_repacking_chain2**: bool. Apply design to non antibody chain?
-   **use_sequence_profile**: use sequence constraints from conformation specific pssms.

---
