<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
Perform alignment-based sequence profile generation. TODO fordas

```xml
<SegmentSequenceProfileMover name="(&string;)" structure_store="(&string;)"
        residue_selector="(&string;)" rmsd_tolerance="(.5 &real;)"
        pseudocount="(1 &real;)" output_lookup_count="(&string;)"
        output_pssm_filename="(&string;)" output_pssm_inline="(&string;)"
        apply_profile="(true &bool;)"
        scaling="(prob &favor_seqprof_scaling_type;)" weight="(1 &real;)" />
```

-   **structure_store**: (REQUIRED) Path of target struture store.
-   **residue_selector**: (REQUIRED) Residue selector spanning a contiguous segment region to profile. The name of a previously declared residue selector or a logical expression of AND, NOT (!), OR, parentheses, and the names of previously declared residue selectors. Any capitalization of AND, NOT, and OR is accepted. An exclamation mark can be used instead of NOT. Boolean operators have their traditional priorities: NOT then AND then OR. For example, if selectors s1, s2, and s3 have been declared, you could write: 's1 or s2 and not s3' which would select a particular residue if that residue were selected by s1 or if it were selected by s2 but not by s3.
-   **rmsd_tolerance**: Lookup endpoint rmsd tolerance.
-   **pseudocount**: Sequence profile pseudocount.
-   **output_lookup_count**: Output count of lookup hits as score entry.
-   **output_pssm_filename**: Output generated log-odds pssm with given output filename.
-   **output_pssm_inline**: Output generated log-odds pssm inline with pdb under given header name.
-   **apply_profile**: Apply profile via FavorSequenceProfile.
-   **scaling**: Set how to scale the given values, see FavorSequenceProfile."prob"=Boltzmann-weighted probability based on the profile score"global"= global linear fixed-zero rescalingsuch that all (pre-weighted) values fall in the range of -1.0 to 1.0"none" does no adjustment of values.
-   **weight**: Adjust the post-scaling strength of the constraints, see FavorSequenceProfile.

---
