<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
Authors: Jared Adolf-Bryfogle (jadolfbr@gmail.com) and Steven Lewis
. Class to graft a pose onto a pose

```xml
<AnchoredGraftMover name="(&string;)" cycles="(&non_negative_integer;)"
        final_repack="(&bool;)" stop_at_closure="(&bool;)"
        neighbor_dis="(&real;)" skip_sampling="(&bool;)"
        mintype="(&minimizer_type;)" copy_pdbinfo="(&bool;)"
        scaffold_flex_Nter="(&non_negative_integer;)"
        scaffold_flex_Cter="(&non_negative_integer;)"
        insert_flex_Nter="(&non_negative_integer;)"
        insert_flex_Cter="(&non_negative_integer;)"
        Nter_overhang="(&non_negative_integer;)"
        Cter_overhang="(&non_negative_integer;)"
        start="(&refpose_enabled_residue_number;)"
        end="(&refpose_enabled_residue_number;)" cen_scorefxn="(&string;)"
        fa_scorefxn="(&string;)" spm_reference_name="(&string;)" >
    <MoveMap name="(&string;)" bb="(&bool;)" chi="(&bool;)" jump="(&bool;)" >
        <Jump number="(&non_negative_integer;)" setting="(&bool;)" />
        <Chain number="(&non_negative_integer;)" chi="(&bool;)" bb="(&bool;)" />
        <Span begin="(&non_negative_integer;)" end="(&non_negative_integer;)"
                chi="(&bool;)" bb="(&bool;)" bondangle="(&bool;)" bondlength="(&bool;)" />
    </MoveMap>
</AnchoredGraftMover>
```

-   **cycles**: Number of ccd cycles to perform
-   **final_repack**: perform a final repack of the grafted residues and neighbors
-   **stop_at_closure**: Stop once chainbreaks are closed
-   **neighbor_dis**: Distance used to identify neighbors
-   **skip_sampling**: Skip sampling of backbone torsion angles
-   **mintype**: Type of minimizer to use
-   **copy_pdbinfo**: Copy PDBInfo from the pose
-   **scaffold_flex_Nter**: How many residues to the N terminus of the grafted location in the scaffold should be flexible?
-   **scaffold_flex_Cter**: How many residues to the C terminus of the grafted location in the scaffold should be flexible?
-   **insert_flex_Nter**: How many residues in the N terminus of the graft should be flexible?
-   **insert_flex_Cter**: How many residues in the C terminus of the graft should be flexible?
-   **Nter_overhang**: Desired size of N terminal overhang
-   **Cter_overhang**: Desired size of C terminal overhang
-   **start**: (REQUIRED) Graft begins after this residue in the scaffold.  Will delete residues between start and end in the scaffold.
-   **end**: (REQUIRED) Graft ends before this residue in the scaffold.  Will delete residues between start and end in the scaffold.
-   **cen_scorefxn**: Centroid score function to use
-   **fa_scorefxn**: Full atom score function to use
-   **spm_reference_name**: Name of reference pose to use (Use the SavePoseMover to create a reference pose)


Subtag **MoveMap**:   MoveMap specification

-   **bb**: move backbone torsions?
-   **chi**: move sidechain chi torsions?
-   **jump**: move all jumps?


Subtag **Jump**:   jumps are the not-chemistry internal coordinate connections between separate parts of your pose

-   **number**: (REQUIRED) Which jump number (in the FoldTree)
-   **setting**: (REQUIRED) true for move, false for don't move

Subtag **Chain**:   this controls a kinematically contiguous chain (think protein chains)

-   **number**: (REQUIRED) which chain?
-   **chi**: (REQUIRED) move sidechain chi torsions?
-   **bb**: (REQUIRED) move backbone torsions?

Subtag **Span**:   XRW TO DO, probably a user-defined region of the Pose

-   **begin**: (REQUIRED) beginning of span
-   **end**: (REQUIRED) end of span
-   **chi**: (REQUIRED) move sidechain chi torsions?
-   **bb**: (REQUIRED) move backbone torsions?
-   **bondangle**: move 3-body angles?
-   **bondlength**: move 2-body lengths?

---
