<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
The Hotspot-based sidechain placement. This is the main workhorse of the hot-spot centric method for protein-binder design.

```xml
<PlaceStub name="(&string;)" residue_numbers="(&string;)"
        residue_numbers_setter="(&string;)"
        chain_to_design="(2 &positive_integer;)" score_threshold="(0.0 &real;)"
        hurry="(false &bool;)" triage_positions="(true &bool;)"
        stub_energy_threshold="(1.0 &real;)" stubfile="(&string;)"
        minimize_rb="(false &bool;)"
        after_placement_filter="(true_filter &string;)"
        final_filter="(true_filter &string;)" add_constraints="(true &bool;)"
        max_cb_dist="(4.0 &real;)" leave_coord_csts="(false &bool;)"
        post_placement_sdev="(1.0 &real;)" place_scaffold="(false &bool;)"
        task_operations="(&task_operation_comma_separated_list;)"
        packer_palette="(&named_packer_palette;)"
        allowed_host_res="(&resnum_list_with_ranges;)" >
    <StubMinimize >
        <Add mover_name="(&string;)" bb_cst_weight="(10.0 &real;)" />
    </StubMinimize>
    <DesignMovers >
        <Add mover_name="(&string;)" use_constraints="(true &bool;)"
                coord_cst_std="(0.5 &real;)" />
    </DesignMovers>
    <NotifyMovers >
        <Add mover_name="(&string;)" />
    </NotifyMovers>
</PlaceStub>
```

-   **residue_numbers**: residue number where Stubs are going / have gone; default value is contents of attribute 'residue_numbers_setter'; REQUIRES residue_number_setter to be set
-   **residue_numbers_setter**: name of thing in DataMap containing residue_numbers; REQUIRED if residue_numbers is set
-   **chain_to_design**: Chain where design ought to be performed, numbered sequentially from 1
-   **score_threshold**: probably a filtering threshold
-   **hurry**: use a truncated scorefxn for minimization. large speed increases, doesn't seem to be less accurate
-   **triage_positions**: remove potential scaffold positions based on distance/cst cutoffs. speeds up the search, but must be turned off to use place_scaffold=true as a replacement for docking (that is, when placing the scaffold at positions regardless of the input structure). triage_positions=true triages placements based on whether the hotspot is close enough (within max_cb_distance) and whether the hotspot's vectors align with those of the host position (with some tolerance).
-   **stub_energy_threshold**: Decoys are only considered if the single-residue energy of the stub is below this value
-   **stubfile**: XRW TODO
-   **minimize_rb**: do we want to minimize the rb dof during stub placement? This will allow a previously placed stub to move a a little to accommodate the new stub. It's a good idea to use this with the previously placed stub adding its implied constraints.
-   **after_placement_filter**: The name of a filter to be applied immediately after stub placement and StubMinimize movers, but before the DesignMovers run. Useful for quick sanity check on the goodness of the stub.
-   **final_filter**: The name of a filter to be applied at the final stage of stub placement as the last test, after DesignMovers run. Useful, e.g., if we want a stub to form an hbond to a particular target residue.
-   **add_constraints**: should we apply the coordinate constraints to this stub?
-   **max_cb_dist**: the maximum cb-cb distance between stub and potential host residue to be considered for placement
-   **leave_coord_csts**: should the coordinate constraints be left on when placement is completed successfully? This is useful if you plan on making moves after placement and you want the hotspot's placement to be respected. Note that designing a residue that has constraints on it is likely to yield crashes. You can use task operations to disallow that residue from designing.  Must be true for post_placement_sdev to be interpreted
-   **post_placement_sdev**: related to and requires leave_coord_csts. The lower the sdev (towards 0) the more stringent the constraint.
-   **place_scaffold**: use PlaceScaffold instead of PlaceStub. this will place the scaffold on the stub's position by using an inverse rotamer approach.
-   **task_operations**: A comma-separated list of TaskOperations to use.
-   **packer_palette**: A previously-defined PackerPalette to use, which specifies the set of residue types with which to design (to be pruned with TaskOperations).
-   **allowed_host_res**: List of residue numbers to use


Subtag **StubMinimize**:   Defines Movers used to minimize w/r/t stub placement



Subtag **Add**:   

-   **mover_name**: (REQUIRED) Name of the Mover (defined elsewhere in the XML)
-   **bb_cst_weight**: determines the strength of the constraints derived from the stubs. This value is a weight on the cb_force, so larger values are stronger constraints.

Subtag **DesignMovers**:   Defines Movers used to do design after stub placement



Subtag **Add**:   

-   **mover_name**: (REQUIRED) Name of the Mover (defined elsewhere in the XML)
-   **use_constraints**: obey constraints
-   **coord_cst_std**: standard deviation (width) on coordinate constraint

Subtag **NotifyMovers**:   Defines Movers (named elsewhere in XML) that must be aware of the protected stub locations so they are not lost



Subtag **Add**:   

-   **mover_name**: (REQUIRED) Name of the Mover (defined elsewhere in the XML)

---
