<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
///@brief A protocol for optimizing glycan trees using GlycanRelax from the base of the tree out to the leaves.
///@details Works by making all other residues virtual except the ones it is working on (current Layer).
/// A virtual residue is not scored.
/// It will start at the first glycan residues, and then move out to the edges.
///
/// GENERAL ALGORITHM
///
/// We start at the roots, and make all other glycan residues virtual.
/// We first model towards the leaves and this is considered the forward direction.
/// GlycanRelax is used for the actual modeling, we only model a layer at a time, until we reach the tips.
/// If more than one round is set, the protocol will move backwards on the next round, from the leafs to the roots.
/// A third round will involve relaxation again in the forward direction.
/// So we go forward, back, forward, etc. for how ever many rounds you set.
///
/// QUECHING
///
/// By default, we model all glycans simultaneously. First, all glycan roots (the start of the tree), and slowly unvirtualize 
/// all glycan residues, while only modeling each layer. 
/// Alternatively, we can choose a particular glycan tree, run the algorithm, and then choose another glycan tree randomly until all 
/// glycan trees have been optimized. 
/// Here, we call this quenching. 
/// 
/// GLYCAN LAYERS 
/// 
/// Draw a tree on a paper.  We start with the beginning N residues, and work our way out towards the leaves. 
/// Layers are defined by the glycan residue distance to the rooot.  This enables branching residues to be considered the same 
/// layer conceptually and computationally, and allows them to be modeled together. 
/// 
/// --LAYER SIZE-- 
/// 
///  The distance that make up a layer.  If we have a distance of 2, 
///  we first model all glycans that are equal to or less than 2 residue distance to the root. 
///  We then slide this layer up.  So we take all residues that have a distance between 3 and 1, and so on. 
/// 
///  --WINDOW SIZE-- 
/// 
///  The layers are slid down throught the tree of the glycan.  The window size represents the overlap in the layers. 
///  A window size of 1, means that the last residue (or residues of layer 1) from the last modeling effort, will be used again as 
///  part of the next layer.  A window size of 0, means that no residues will be re-modeled. 
///  Typically, we would want at least a window size of 1. 
///

```xml
<GlycanTreeRelax name="(&string;)" layer_size="(&non_negative_integer;)"
        window_size="(&non_negative_integer;)" rounds="(&non_negative_integer;)"
        refine="(false &bool;)" quench_mode="(false &bool;)"
        final_min_pack_min="(true &bool;)" residue_selector="(&string;)"
        scorefxn="(&string;)" />
```

-   **layer_size**: @brief Set the layer size we will be using.  A layer is a set of glycan residues that we will be optimizing.
  We work our way through the layers, while the rest of the residues are virtual (not scored).
 
@details 
 
  The distance that make up a layer.  If we have a distance of 2,
  we first model all glycans that are equal to or less than 2 residue distance to the root.
  We then slide this layer up.  So we take all residues that have a distance between 3 and 1, and so on.
-   **window_size**: @brief Set the window size.  This is the overlap of the layers during modeling. 
 
  @details 
  
  The layers are slid down throught the tree of the glycan.  The window size represents the overlap in the layers.
  A window size of 1, means that the last residue (or residues of layer 1) from the last modeling effort, will be used again as 
  part of the next layer.  A window size of 0, means that no residues will be re-modeled. 
  Typically, we would want at least a window size of 1.
-   **rounds**: Set the number of rounds.  We start with the forward direction, from the root/start out to the glycan tips.  Next round we go backward, then forward.  The number of rounds corresponds to how many back and forth directions we go
-   **refine**: Do a refinement instead of a denovo model
-   **quench_mode**: Do quench mode for each glycan tree?
-   **final_min_pack_min**: Do a final set of cycles of min/pack
-   **residue_selector**: The name of the already defined ResidueSelector that will be used by this object
-   **scorefxn**: Name of score function to use

---
