<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
XRW TO DO

```xml
<ProteinInterfaceMS name="(&string;)" generations="(&non_negative_integer;)"
        pop_size="(&non_negative_integer;)" num_packs="(&non_negative_integer;)"
        pop_from_ss="(&non_negative_integer;)"
        numresults="(&non_negative_integer;)"
        fraction_by_recombination="(&real;)" mutate_rate="(&real;)"
        boltz_temp="(&real;)" anchor_offset="(&real;)"
        checkpoint_prefix="(&string;)"
        checkpoint_interval="(&non_negative_integer;)" checkpoint_gz="(&bool;)"
        checkpoint_rename="(&bool;)" output_fname_prefix="(&string;)"
        scorefxn="(&string;)"
        task_operations="(&task_operation_comma_separated_list;)"
        packer_palette="(&named_packer_palette;)"
        rb_jump="(1 &non_negative_integer;)" unfolded="(1 &bool;)"
        unbound="(1 &bool;)" input_is_positive="(1 &bool;)"
        profile_bump_threshold="(1.0 &real;)" compare_to_ground_state="(&bool;)" >
    <Positive pdb="(&string;)" unbound="(0 &bool;)" unfolded="(0 &bool;)"
            task_operations="(&task_operation_comma_separated_list;)"
            packer_palette="(&named_packer_palette;)" />
    <Negative pdb="(&string;)" unbound="(0 &bool;)" unfolded="(0 &bool;)"
            task_operations="(&task_operation_comma_separated_list;)"
            packer_palette="(&named_packer_palette;)" />
</ProteinInterfaceMS>
```

-   **generations**: Number of population generations
-   **pop_size**: Size of population
-   **num_packs**: Number of packing rounds
-   **pop_from_ss**: Number of population generated from mutating single-state seeds
-   **numresults**: Number of results to preserve
-   **fraction_by_recombination**: Fraction of the population generated by recombination of the parent generation
-   **mutate_rate**: Mutation rate for simulation
-   **boltz_temp**: Temperature of Monte Carlo simulation
-   **anchor_offset**: Anchoring offset for faux alteranative states
-   **checkpoint_prefix**: Prefix for checkpointing files
-   **checkpoint_interval**: Frequency of checkpointing
-   **checkpoint_gz**: Checkpoint as gzipped files
-   **checkpoint_rename**: Rename checkpoint files
-   **output_fname_prefix**: Prefix for output filename
-   **scorefxn**: Name of score function to use
-   **task_operations**: A comma-separated list of TaskOperations to use.
-   **packer_palette**: A previously-defined PackerPalette to use, which specifies the set of residue types with which to design (to be pruned with TaskOperations).
-   **rb_jump**: Rigid-body jump that defines the interface, numbered from 1
-   **unfolded**: Are we providing an unfolded alternative state?
-   **unbound**: Are we providing an unbound alternative state?
-   **input_is_positive**: Ought the input state to be subject to positive selection?
-   **profile_bump_threshold**: The energy above which a bump check fails
-   **compare_to_ground_state**: Do we have a ground state comparison? Should be true, by default, if there are subelements


Subtag **Positive**:   Tags describing individual alternative states in the calculation

-   **pdb**: (REQUIRED) File name containing this alternative state
-   **unbound**: This alternative state is unbound
-   **unfolded**: This alternative state is unfolded
-   **task_operations**: A comma-separated list of TaskOperations to use.
-   **packer_palette**: A previously-defined PackerPalette to use, which specifies the set of residue types with which to design (to be pruned with TaskOperations).

Subtag **Negative**:   Tags describing individual alternative states in the calculation

-   **pdb**: (REQUIRED) File name containing this alternative state
-   **unbound**: This alternative state is unbound
-   **unfolded**: This alternative state is unfolded
-   **task_operations**: A comma-separated list of TaskOperations to use.
-   **packer_palette**: A previously-defined PackerPalette to use, which specifies the set of residue types with which to design (to be pruned with TaskOperations).

---
