<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
"Staples" interface specificity with a hydrogen bond network.

```xml
<HBNetStapleInterface name="(&string;)" hb_threshold="(-0.5 &real;)"
        onebody_hb_threshold="(-0.4 &real;)"
        charge_charge_rep_cutoff="(1.0 &real;)" clash_threshold="(1.0 &real;)"
        upper_score_limit="(15.0 &real;)" find_native_networks="(false &bool;)"
        store_network_scores_in_pose="(true &bool;)"
        output_poly_ala_background="(false &bool;)"
        find_only_native_networks="(false &bool;)"
        keep_existing_networks="(false &bool;)"
        extend_existing_networks="(false &bool;)"
        only_extend_existing="(false &bool;)" minimize="(true &bool;)"
        store_subnetworks="(false &bool;)" secondary_search="(false &bool;)"
        secondary_threshold="(-0.25 &real;)" write_network_pdbs="(false &bool;)"
        write_cst_files="(true &bool;)"
        max_replicates="(1 &non_negative_integer;)"
        max_replicates_before_branch="(0 &non_negative_integer;)"
        max_replicates_before_unsat_check="(1 &non_negative_integer;)"
        tyr_hydroxyls_must_donate="(false &bool;)"
        hydroxyls_must_donate="(false &bool;)" use_pdb_numbering="(true &bool;)"
        no_heavy_unsats_allowed="(1 &bool;)" show_task="(false &bool;)"
        min_network_size="(3 &non_negative_integer;)"
        max_network_size="(15 &non_negative_integer;)"
        min_unique_networks="(1 &non_negative_integer;)"
        min_core_res="(0 &non_negative_integer;)"
        min_boundary_res="(0 &non_negative_integer;)"
        max_unsat_Hpol="(5 &non_negative_integer;)"
        min_percent_hbond_capacity="(0.5 &real;)" verbose="(false &bool;)"
        design_residues="(STRKHYWNQDE &string;)"
        use_only_input_rot_for_start_res="(false &bool;)"
        start_resnums="(&residue_number_cslist;)" start_selector="(&string;)"
        core_selector="(&string;)" boundary_selector="(&string;)"
        allow_no_hbnets="(&bool;)" monte_carlo="(false &bool;)"
        monte_carlo_branch="(false &bool;)"
        monte_carlo_seed_must_be_buried="(false &bool;)"
        monte_carlo_seed_must_be_fully_buried="(false &bool;)"
        max_mc_nets="(0 &non_negative_integer;)"
        total_num_mc_runs="(10000 &non_negative_integer;)"
        seed_hbond_threshold="(0 &real;)"
        task_operations="(&task_operation_comma_separated_list;)"
        packer_palette="(&named_packer_palette;)" scorefxn="(&string;)"
        combos="(1 &non_negative_integer;)"
        max_networks_per_pose="(1 &non_negative_integer;)"
        min_networks_per_pose="(1 &non_negative_integer;)"
        min_intermolecular_hbonds="(1 &non_negative_integer;)"
        min_helices_contacted_by_network="(0 &non_negative_integer;)"
        min_asp_glu_hbonds="(3 &non_negative_integer;)"
        span_all_helices="(false &bool;)"
        allow_onebody_networks="(false &bool;)" his_tyr="(false &bool;)"
        pH_His="(false &bool;)" at_least_one_net_w_aromatic_sc="(false &bool;)"
        at_least_one_net_spans_all_helices="(false &bool;)"
        at_least_one_net_fully_satisfied="(false &bool;)"
        only_start_at_interface_pairs="(false &bool;)"
        use_aa_dependent_weights="(false &bool;)"
        all_helical_interfaces="(false &bool;)"
        only_symm_interfaces="(false &bool;)" interface_distance="(8.0 &real;)"
        jump="(&string;)" />
```

-   **hb_threshold**: 2-body h-bond energy cutoff to define rotamer pairs that h-bond. I've found that -0.5 without ex1-ex2 is the best starting point. If using ex1-ex2, try -0.75. This parameter is the most important and requires some tuning; the tradeoff is that the more stringent (more negative), the faster it runs but you miss a lot of networks; too positive and it will run forever; using ex1-ex2 results in many redundant networks that end up being filtered out anyway.
-   **onebody_hb_threshold**: h-bond energy cutoff with their symmetric clones to define rotamer pairs that h-bond.
-   **charge_charge_rep_cutoff**: new feature, not fully tested, use at your own risk!;
-   **clash_threshold**: fa_rep energy above which two rotamers are considered clashing; used in all HBNet clash checks
-   **upper_score_limit**: upper score limit for network against background pose to weed out anything terrible
-   **find_native_networks**: Will find and report native networks in input pose but will also do design; for keep_existing_networks=true or extend_existing_networks=true, in addition to starting from "HBNet" PDBInfoLabel tags, HBnet will find all native networks in your input pose that meet your criteria (specified by options).
-   **store_network_scores_in_pose**: Will store internal evaluation metrics in the pose so they will be included in score.sc filesand accessible via ReadPoseExtraScoreFilter.
-   **output_poly_ala_background**: for returned poses, rather than place network onto input pose, place into poly-ALA background;  where all positions that are designable or packable (according to user-defined task operations) are poly-alanine
-   **find_only_native_networks**: HBnet will find only find native networks in your input pose that meet your criteria (specified by options) and return a single pose with csts for those networks. If this option is true, all options below are overridden and HBNet does not search for new networks
-   **keep_existing_networks**: In addition to design, Keeps existing networks from the input pose for each pose returned by HBNet, and turn on csts for all; existing networks are identified by default by "HBNet" PDBInfoLabel tags in the input pose, but can also be detected anew by setting find_native_networks=1. If keep_existing_networks=true and extend_existing_networks=false, then HBNet internally turns off design at input network positions (prevent_repacking); new networks are searched for and designed at the other positions based on your task_ops. If keep_existing_networks=true and extend_existing_networks=true, then HBNet internally puts only the input rotamer of each network residue into the IG to try to extend; an extended network will replace its native network if it is better (otherwise native networks retained).
-   **extend_existing_networks**: Detects existing networks and tries to extend them, and also will search for new networks at other positions based on your criteria. Existing networks identified by HBNet PDBInfoLabel tags in the input pose, but can also be detected anew by setting find_native_networks=1. For existing networks, HBNet internally puts only the input rotamer of each network residue into the IG to try to extend; an extended network will replace its native network if it is better (otherwise native networks retained).
-   **only_extend_existing**: Will not look for new networks at other positions; will only try to extend and improve the existing networks.
-   **minimize**: new feature, not fully tested, use at your own risk!; will minimize network on background pose before scoring/evaluating
-   **store_subnetworks**: store subnetworks as separate networks that can be passed back; not recommended
-   **secondary_search**: if during IG traversal, a search trajectory terminates in rotamer than cannot make any h-bonds, search again from that rotamer using a lower hb_threshold (-0.25)
-   **secondary_threshold**: for secondary search option, what is the second (lower) hydrogen_bond_threshold to use
-   **write_network_pdbs**: writes out pdb files of only the network (in poly-Ala background where any designable/packable residue is Ala -- rest of pose untouched); this is simply for debugging and visualizing the network as detected by HBNet
-   **write_cst_files**: writes out Rosetta .cst constraint files for each network
-   **max_replicates**: max replicate networks that are allowed (defined as networks with same residue positions and aa types), but different rotamers; deafult is that replicates are not allowed
-   **max_replicates_before_branch**: hack that improves runtime without significantly affecting results; use at your own risk! if set to be greater than 0, is the max replicate networks that are allowed before branching (defined as networks with same residue positions and aa types)
-   **max_replicates_before_unsat_check**: hack that improves runtime without significantly affecting results; use at your own risk! max replicate networks that are allowed before unsat check is performed (defined as networks with same residue positions and aa types)
-   **tyr_hydroxyls_must_donate**: new feature, not fully tested, use at your own risk!; require that TYR must donate to be considered satisfied
-   **hydroxyls_must_donate**: new feature, not fully tested, use at your own risk!; require that hydroxyls must donate their H to be considered satisfied
-   **use_pdb_numbering**: in tracer output, use pdb numbering and chains when printing out network info (instead of Rosetta sequential numbering)
-   **no_heavy_unsats_allowed**: see max_unsat_Hpol for details
-   **show_task**: will show packer task by printing to TR, aka what's designable and packable and fixed based on your taskops
-   **min_network_size**: minimum number of residues required for each network. Note: in symmetric cases, this refers to the number of residues in the ASU!
-   **max_network_size**: maximum number of residues required for each network
-   **min_unique_networks**: minimum number of networks with unique aa composition / rotamers
-   **min_core_res**: minimum core residues each network must have (as defined by core selector)
-   **min_boundary_res**: minimum boundary residues a network must contain
-   **max_unsat_Hpol**: maximum number of buried unsatisfied polar Hpol atoms allowed in each network. Note that if there are heavy atom donors or acceptors that are buried and unsatisfied, those networks are thrown out; only unsatisfied Hpols where the heavy atom donor is making at least one hydrogen bond. This behavior can be overridden to allow heavy atom unsats by setting no_heavy_unsats_allowed=false.
-   **min_percent_hbond_capacity**: minimum percent_hbond_capacity a network must have, where 1.0 means the maximum number of h-bonds are made, considering all polar atoms in the rotamers that comprise the network; unlike satisfaction, this metric is independent of burial;  in rare cases, percent_hbond_capacity can be greater than 1, for example a hydroxyl could participate in 3 h-bonds even though we define max capacity as 2.
-   **verbose**: print out all HBNet tracer statements; only useful for debugging
-   **design_residues**: string of one-letter AA codes; which polar residues types do you want to include in the search; the default is all AA's that can potentially make h-bonds, further restricted by the task_operations you pass.
-   **use_only_input_rot_for_start_res**: Keep the input rotamer for starting residues fixed; only sample proton chis during network search.  Note that the starting residue positions must otherwise be packable.
-   **start_resnums**: comma delimited list of residue positions to start network search from (e.g. "1,2,3,5"); now is better to use start_selector residue selector
-   **start_selector**: residue selector that tells HBNet which residues to start from (will only search for networks that include these resid
-   **core_selector**: residue selector that defines what HBNet considers "core"; used in buriedness determination for unsats; default is layer selector default using sidechain neighbors(core=5.2).
-   **boundary_selector**: residue selector to define what HBNet considers boundary during comparisons/scoring of networks
-   **allow_no_hbnets**: allows the program to continue when no hbnets are found
-   **monte_carlo**: Step right up and try your luck with this stochastic HBNet protocol
-   **monte_carlo_branch**: Outadated equivalent to monte_carlo
-   **monte_carlo_seed_must_be_buried**: (If monte_carlo_branch) only branch from hbonds where at least one residue is buried. Effectively, this results in only finding networks that have at least one buried residue.
-   **monte_carlo_seed_must_be_fully_buried**: (If monte_carlo_branch) only branch from hbonds where both residues are buried. This results in only finding networks that have at least one buried hbond but this does not prevent having additional exposed hbonds.
-   **max_mc_nets**: (if monte_carlo_branch) This is experimental and so far it does not look super useful. Maximum number of networks that the monte carlo protocol will store. Loose rule of thumb is to make this 10x the max number of nets you want to end up with. The reason you do not want this to be too large is that each of these networks goes through a relatively expensive quality check. A value of zero (which is default) represents having no limit.
-   **total_num_mc_runs**: (if monte_carlo_branch) number of monte carlo runs to be divided over all the seed hbonds. A single monte carlo run appears to take roughly 1 ms (very loose estimate).
-   **seed_hbond_threshold**: (if monte_carlo_branch) Maybe you only want to branch from strong hbonds. If this value is -1.2, for example, then only hbonds with a strength of -1.2 or lower will be branched from.
-   **task_operations**: A comma-separated list of TaskOperations to use.
-   **packer_palette**: A previously-defined PackerPalette to use, which specifies the set of residue types with which to design (to be pruned with TaskOperations).
-   **scorefxn**: Name of score function to use
-   **combos**: when combining multiple networks (max_networks_per_pose greater than 1) this is the max number of combinations tried for each network
-   **max_networks_per_pose**: Maximum number of networks to make in a pose
-   **min_networks_per_pose**: Minimum number of hydrogen bonds to generate per pose
-   **min_intermolecular_hbonds**: Minimum number of intermolecular hydrogen bonds to form
-   **min_helices_contacted_by_network**: Minimum number of helices the formed network should contact
-   **min_asp_glu_hbonds**: Minimum number of h-bonds Asp or Glu must participate in
-   **span_all_helices**: Must the network span all helices in the pose?
-   **allow_onebody_networks**: Allow networks within a pose
-   **his_tyr**: Include histidine and tyrosine in the network
-   **pH_His**: Identify and handle pH-sensitive histidines
-   **at_least_one_net_w_aromatic_sc**: ensures each output pose has at least one net with at least one HYW; can be combined with other nets that don't
-   **at_least_one_net_spans_all_helices**: ensures each output pose has at least one net that spans all helices; can be combined with other nets that don't
-   **at_least_one_net_fully_satisfied**: ensures each output pose has at least one net that with 0 unseats, including 0 unsat Hpol; can be combined with other nets that don't
-   **only_start_at_interface_pairs**: Only start IG traversal with h-bonds that span across interface (different chains)
-   **use_aa_dependent_weights**: weight twobody IG energies depending on aa type
-   **all_helical_interfaces**: Interfaces must be composed of helices
-   **only_symm_interfaces**: Only staple symmetric interfaces
-   **interface_distance**: Desired distance between partners at interface
-   **jump**: A comma-separated list of jumps across interface

---
