<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
MotifGraft is a new implementation of the well know motif grafting protocol. The protocol can recapitulate previous grafts made by the previous Fortran protocol (de novo loop insertions has not been implemented yet). The current protocol ONLY performs the GRAFT of the fragment(s), hence invariably, at least, it MUST be followed by design and minimization/repacking steps

```xml
<MotifGraft name="(&string;)" context_structure="(&string;)"
        motif_structure="(&string;)" RMSD_tolerance="(&real;)"
        NC_points_RMSD_tolerance="(340282346638528859811704183484516925440.000000 &real;)"
        clash_score_cutoff="(&non_negative_integer;)"
        min_fragment_size="(&non_negative_integer;)"
        combinatory_fragment_size_delta="(&string;)"
        max_fragment_replacement_size_delta="(&string;)"
        clash_test_residue="(&clash_test_residue_names;)" hotspots="(&string;)"
        full_motif_bb_alignment="(false &bool;)"
        allow_independent_alignment_per_fragment="(false &bool;)"
        graft_only_hotspots_by_replacement="(false &bool;)"
        only_allow_if_N_point_match_aa_identity="(false &bool;)"
        only_allow_if_C_point_match_aa_identity="(false &bool;)"
        revert_graft_to_native_sequence="(false &bool;)"
        allow_repeat_same_graft_output="(false &bool;)"
        output_cluster_tolerance="(-1.0 &real;)" output_filter="(&string;)" />
```

-   **context_structure**: (REQUIRED) The path/name of the context structure pdb
-   **motif_structure**: (REQUIRED) The path/name of the motif pdb (can contain multiple discontiguos motif separated by the keyword TER)
-   **RMSD_tolerance**: (REQUIRED) The maximum RMSD tolerance (Angstrom) for the alignment
-   **NC_points_RMSD_tolerance**: The maximum RMSD tolerance (Angstrom) for the alignment
-   **clash_score_cutoff**: (REQUIRED) The maximum number of atomic clashes that are tolerated. The number of atom clashes are = (motif vs scaffold) + (scaffold vs pose), after the translation and mutation (to the "clash_test_residue") of the scaffold. Recommended: "5"
-   **min_fragment_size**: The minimum size fragment that can be inserted. Useful if you need to set large enough that small fragments could be produced.
-   **combinatory_fragment_size_delta**: Is a string separated by a colon that defines the maximum number of amino acids in which the Motif size can be variated in the N- and C-terminal regions (e.g. "positive-int:positive-int"). If several fragments are present the values should be specified by the addition of a comma (eg. 0:0, 1:2, 0:3). All the possible combinations in deltas of 1 amino acid will be tested
-   **max_fragment_replacement_size_delta**: Is a string separated by a semicolon that specifies a range with the minimum and maximum size difference of the fragment that can be replaced in the scaffold. For example: "-1:2", means that the fragment replaced in the scaffold can be in the range of motifSize-1to motifSize+2, practically: if the motif size is 10a.a., in this example the motif can replace a fragment in the scaffold of 9,10 or 11 amino acids. (possible values: negative-int:positive-int). If several fragments are present the values should be specified by the addition of a comma (eg. -1:0, -1:2, 0:3). This option has effect only if the alignment mode is set to full_motif_bb_alignment="0"
-   **clash_test_residue**: The Motif will be mutated before test for clashes (possible values: "GLY", "ALA", "VAL", "NATIVE"), except if the option "NATIVE" is specified. It is recommended to use "GLY" or "ALA"
-   **hotspots**: Is a string separated by a semicolon that defines the index of the aminoacids that are considered hotspots. i.e. that this positions will not be mutated for clash check and will be labeled in the PDBinfo. The format is "index1:index2:...:indexN"). If several fragments are present the values should be specified by the addition of a comma "(eg. 0:1:3,1:2,0:3:5)"
-   **full_motif_bb_alignment**: Boolean that defines the motif fragment(s) alignment mode is full Backbone or not (i.e. only N-C- points)
-   **allow_independent_alignment_per_fragment**: **EXPERIMENTAL** When more that one fragment is present, after the global alignment, this option will allow each fragment to re-align independently to the scaffold. In most cases you want this option to be turned OFF
-   **graft_only_hotspots_by_replacement**: Analogous to the old multigraft code option "fragment replacement", this option will only align the scaffold, and then copy the side-chains identities and torsions (only for hotspots). No BB will be modified. This option is useful only if the RMSD between the motif and the target fragment in the scaffold is very low (e.g. less than 0.3 A), otherwise you can expect extraneous results
-   **only_allow_if_N_point_match_aa_identity**: This option will only perform grafts if the N-/C- point amino acids in the motif match the amino acids to be replaced in the target Scaffold fragment. This can be useful if for example one is looking to replace a fragment that starts in a S-S bridge
-   **only_allow_if_C_point_match_aa_identity**: This option will only perform grafts if the N-/C- point amino acids in the motif match the amino acids to be replaced in the target Scaffold fragment. This can be useful if for example one is looking to replace a fragment that starts in a S-S bridge
-   **revert_graft_to_native_sequence**: This option will revert/transform/modify the sequence of the graft piece(s) in the sequence of the native scaffold, except the hotspots. This option only can work in conjunction with the full_bb alignment mode (full_motif_bb_alignment="1") and, of course, it only makes sense if you are replacing fragments in the target scaffold that are of the same size of your motif, which is the default behavior for full_bb alignment.
-   **allow_repeat_same_graft_output**: If turned on it will prevent the generation of repeated outputs, in combination with a large number of -nstruc (e.g. 100), it can be useful to extract all the matches without repetition, since when the last n-graft match is reached the mover will stop. if turned off, the usual -nstruct behavior will happen, that is: rosetta will stop only when -nstructs are generated (even if it has to repeat n-times the same result) or if the mover fails (i.e. no graft matches at all).
-   **output_cluster_tolerance**: If this is enabled (set greater than 0), grafts will be clustered before being output in order to remove redundant grafts. This setting is the RMSD that will be used for clustering. This RMSD is not exact, but is correlated with an actual RMSD.
-   **output_filter**: Only output results that pass this filter. This filter is applied before clustering. If many of your outputs fail your filters, apply the filter here will ensure that if any member of a cluster can pass the filter, that that member will be output.

---
