<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
Perform loop refinement using CCD for loop closure.

```xml
<LoopMover_Refine_CCD name="(&string;)" set_fold_tree_from_loops="(true &bool;)"
        scorefxn="(&string;)" loops_from_cache="(1 &bool;)"
        outer_cycles="(&non_negative_integer;)"
        max_inner_cycles="(250 &non_negative_integer;)"
        temp_initial="(1.5 &real;)" temp_final="(0.5 &real;)" loops="(&string;)"
        task_operations="(&task_operation_comma_separated_list;)"
        packer_palette="(&named_packer_palette;)" >
    <MoveMap name="(&string;)" bb="(&bool;)" chi="(&bool;)" jump="(&bool;)" >
        <Jump number="(&non_negative_integer;)" setting="(&bool;)" />
        <Chain number="(&non_negative_integer;)" chi="(&bool;)" bb="(&bool;)" />
        <Span begin="(&non_negative_integer;)" end="(&non_negative_integer;)"
                chi="(&bool;)" bb="(&bool;)" bondangle="(&bool;)" bondlength="(&bool;)" />
    </MoveMap>
    <MoveMap />
</LoopMover_Refine_CCD>
```

-   **set_fold_tree_from_loops**: Set fold tree using loop info. Default = true
-   **scorefxn**: Set score function to be used.
-   **loops_from_cache**: Allow the loops to be set from the segments stored in the poses observer cache.Makes it possible to have LoopMovers be part of parser protocols where the loopswere determined by some previous on the fly step . Default = true
-   **outer_cycles**: Set number of outer cycles.
-   **max_inner_cycles**: Finish inner cycles latest after n cycles. Default = 250
-   **temp_initial**: Initial Boltzman temperature. Default = 1.5
-   **temp_final**: Final Boltzman temperature. Default = 0.5
-   **loops**: The format for loops is: Start:End:Cut,Start:End:Cut... RosettaResnum or PDB Numbering accepted.
-   **task_operations**: A comma-separated list of TaskOperations to use.
-   **packer_palette**: A previously-defined PackerPalette to use, which specifies the set of residue types with which to design (to be pruned with TaskOperations).


Subtag **MoveMap**:   MoveMap specification

-   **bb**: move backbone torsions?
-   **chi**: move sidechain chi torsions?
-   **jump**: move all jumps?


Subtag **Jump**:   jumps are the not-chemistry internal coordinate connections between separate parts of your pose

-   **number**: (REQUIRED) Which jump number (in the FoldTree)
-   **setting**: (REQUIRED) true for move, false for don't move

Subtag **Chain**:   this controls a kinematically contiguous chain (think protein chains)

-   **number**: (REQUIRED) which chain?
-   **chi**: (REQUIRED) move sidechain chi torsions?
-   **bb**: (REQUIRED) move backbone torsions?

Subtag **Span**:   XRW TO DO, probably a user-defined region of the Pose

-   **begin**: (REQUIRED) beginning of span
-   **end**: (REQUIRED) end of span
-   **chi**: (REQUIRED) move sidechain chi torsions?
-   **bb**: (REQUIRED) move backbone torsions?
-   **bondangle**: move 3-body angles?
-   **bondlength**: move 2-body lengths?

---
