<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
This is the SecretionOptimizationMover, aka the Degreaser. It uses a model from Hessa et al. 2007 to identify regions of low transmembrane insertion potential (dG_ins,pred, or just dG in this Mover) and design them away while maintaining structural stability near the mutation site. This Mover is semi-exhaustive and allows the user to set parameters such as how much dG_ins,pred change is necessary or how much score difference is tolerable. With all default options, a maximum of three mutations is made to a pose in the region of lowest initial dG_ins,pred such that the change in dG_ins,pred is largest. Other options enable more complex usage of this Mover. See preprint with experimental results available at https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/2022.08.04.502842v1

```xml
<SecretionOptimizationMover name="(&string;)"
        task_operations="(&task_operation_comma_separated_list;)"
        packer_palette="(&named_packer_palette;)"
        max_mutations="(3 &non_negative_integer;)"
        aas_allowed="(DEKRQN &string;)" chain_to_degrease="(A &string;)"
        dG_ins_threshold="(2.7 &real;)" dG_tolerance="(0.27 &real;)"
        score_tolerance="(0 &real;)" dump_multis="(false &bool;)"
        dump_singles="(false &bool;)" dump_dir="(. &string;)"
        repack_shell="(8.0 &real;)" largest_ddg="(true &bool;)"
        smallest_dscore="(false &bool;)" scorefxn="(&string;)" />
```

-   **task_operations**: A comma-separated list of TaskOperations to use.
-   **packer_palette**: A previously-defined PackerPalette to use, which specifies the set of residue types with which to design (to be pruned with TaskOperations).
-   **max_mutations**: maximum number of point mutants to jam into each particular tm region. it should take the X highest mutants in terms of ddG_ins effect.
-   **aas_allowed**: one-letter amino acid specification (non-delimited) for allowable residues
-   **chain_to_degrease**: single-character chain to degrease, defaulted to chain A
-   **dG_ins_threshold**: What counts as a tm region? +2.7 seems high, but some of these problem regions seem to have dG_ins greater than 2.0. 2.7 was determined kind of empirically.
-   **dG_tolerance**: how much of an effect does a particular mutant need to have? 0.27 was determined as a sort of happy compromise.
-   **score_tolerance**: how much can the total score of the pose change due to a mutation? I actually found that many IMPROVE the score of poses, so it's set to 0 now. +1.0 only gave me 20% more hits, +3.0 only 40%. This can also depend on your application. Set it to something really high to get as many outputs as possible. +45 REU seems to be tolerable for binder design purposes.
-   **dump_multis**: if you want the PDBs for each of the combo mutants, set this to true. writes directly to disk, and so avoid if running large parallel jobs.
-   **dump_singles**: if you want every single point mutant along the way, set this to true. writes directly to disk, and so avoid if running large parallel jobs.
-   **dump_dir**: directory into which your dumped pdbs are dumped. by default it's where you run your script (maybe not a good idea ?)
-   **repack_shell**: distance around designable residues to repack. 8.0 seems like a standard distance.
-   **largest_ddg**: output the pose with the highest ddG_ins - enabled by default
-   **smallest_dscore**: output the pose with the lowest score - dsiabled by default
-   **scorefxn**: Name of score function to use

---
