<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
Author: Jared Adolf-Bryfogle (jadolfbr@gmail.com)
Adds SiteConstraints from the Antibody Paratope to the Epitope on the antigen. Individual residues of the paratope can be set, or specific CDRs of the paratope can be set as well. The Epitope is auto-detected within the set interface distance, unless epitope residues are specified. These SiteConstraints help to keep only the paratope in contact with the antigen epitope (as apposed to the framework or other parts of the antigen) during rigid-body movement. See the Constraint File Overview for more information on manually adding SiteConstraints. Do not forget to add the atom_pair_constraint term to your scorefunction. A weight of .01 for the SiteConstraints seems optimum. Default paratope is defined as all 6 CDRs (or 3 if working with a camelid antibody).

```xml
<ParatopeEpitopeConstraintMover name="(&string;)" paratope_cdrs="(&string;)"
        interface_distance="(10.0 &real;)" paratope_residues_pdb="(&string;)"
        paratope_residues="(&string;)" epitope_residues_pdb="(&string;)"
        epitope_residues="(&string;)" />
```

-   **paratope_cdrs**: Specifically set the paratope as these CDR.
List of CDR regions (string) devided by one of the following characters: ":,'`~+*|;. "Recognized CDRs: "Aroop|Chothia|Kabat|Martin|North|"
-   **interface_distance**: Distance in Angstroms for the interface, which effects when the SiteConstraint penalty begins.
-   **paratope_residues_pdb**: Set specific residues as the paratope. (Ex: 24L,26L-32L, 44H-44H:A). Can specify ranges or individual residues as well as insertion codes (Ex: 44H:A with A being insertion code).
-   **paratope_residues**: Set paratope_residues instead of paratope_residues_pdb as the internal rosetta residue numbers (Ex: 14,25,26). Internal rosetta numbering parsing does not currently support ranges.
-   **epitope_residues_pdb**: Set specific residues as the epitope. (Ex: 24L,26L-32L, 44H-44H:A). Can specify ranges or individual residues as well as insertion codes (Ex: 44H:A with A being insertion code). Optionally set epitope_residues instead of epitope_residues_pdb as the internal rosetta residue numbers (Ex: 14,25,26). Internal rosetta numbering parsing does not currently support ranges
-   **epitope_residues**: Optionally set epitope_residues instead of epitope_residues_pdb as the internal rosetta residue numbers (Ex: 14,25,26). Internal rosetta numbering parsing does not currently support ranges

---
