<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
Author: Jared Adolf-Bryfogle (jadolfbr@gmail.com)
Adds SiteConstraints from the Antibody Paratope to the antigen, defined for simplicity as the CDRs. Individual residues of the paratope can be set, or specific CDRs of the paratope can be set as well. These help to keep only the paratope in contact with the antigen (as apposed to the framework) during rigid-body movement. See the Constraint File Overview for more information on manually adding SiteConstraints. Do not forget to add the atom_pair_constraint term to your scorefunction. A weight of .01 for the SiteConstraints seems optimum. Default paratope is defined as all 6 CDRs (or 3 if working with a camelid antibody).

References and author information for the ParatopeSiteConstraintMover mover:

ParatopeSiteConstraintMover Mover's citation(s):
Adolf-Bryfogle J, Kalyuzhniy O, Kubitz M, Weitzner BD, Hu X, Adachi Y, Schief WR, and Dunbrack Jr RL Jr.  (2018).  RosettaAntibodyDesign (RAbD): A general framework for computational antibody design.  PLoS Comput Biol 14(4):e1006112.  doi: 10.1371/journal.pcbi.1006112.

```xml
<ParatopeSiteConstraintMover name="(&string;)" paratope_cdrs="(&string;)"
        interface_distance="(10.0 &real;)" antigen_chains="(&string;)"
        paratope_residues_pdb="(&string;)" paratope_residues="(&string;)" />
```

-   **paratope_cdrs**: Specifically set the paratope as these CDR.
List of CDR regions (string) devided by one of the following characters: ":,'`~+*|;. "Recognized CDRs: "Aroop|Chothia|Kabat|Martin|North|"
-   **interface_distance**: Distance in Angstroms for the interface, which effects when the SiteConstraint penalty begins.
-   **antigen_chains**: Specify the particular antigen to create the SiteConstraint to
-   **paratope_residues_pdb**: Set specific residues as the paratope. (Ex: 24L,26L-32L, 44H-44H:A). Can specify ranges or individual residues as well as insertion codes (Ex: 44H:A with A being insertion code).
-   **paratope_residues**: Set paratope_residues instead of paratope_residues_pdb as the internal rosetta residue numbers (Ex: 14,25,26). Internal rosetta numbering parsing does not currently support ranges.

---
