<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
EnzRepackMinimize, similar in spirit to RepackMinimizeMover, does the design/repack followed by minimization of a protein-ligand (or TS model) interface with enzyme design style constraints (if present, see AddOrRemoveMatchCstsMover) using specified score functions and minimization dofs. Only design/repack or minimization can be done by setting appropriate tags. A shell of residues around the ligand are repacked/designed and/or minimized. If constrained optimization or cst_opt is specified, ligand neighbors are converted to Ala, minimization performed, and original neighbor sidechains are placed back.

```xml
<EnzRepackMinimize name="(&string;)"
        task_operations="(&task_operation_comma_separated_list;)"
        task_factory="(&string;)" packer_palette="(&named_packer_palette;)"
        cycles="(1 &non_negative_integer;)" min_in_stages="(false &bool;)"
        design="(false &bool;)" repack_only="(false &bool;)"
        fix_catalytic="(false &bool;)" cst_opt="(false &bool;)"
        backrub="(false &bool;)" minimize_rb="(true &bool;)"
        minimize_bb="(false &bool;)" minimize_sc="(true &bool;)"
        minimize_lig="(false &bool;)" minimize_prot_jumps="(false &bool;)"
        scorefxn_repack="(&string;)" scorefxn_minimize="(&string;)"
        rb_min_jumps="(&nnegative_int_cslist;)" />
```

-   **task_operations**: A comma-separated list of TaskOperations to use.
-   **task_factory**: A TaskFactory specification to use.
-   **packer_palette**: A previously-defined PackerPalette to use, which specifies the set of residue types with which to design (to be pruned with TaskOperations).
-   **cycles**: number of cycles of repack-minimize (default=1 cycle) (Note: In contrast to the enzyme_design application, all cycles use the provided scorefunction.)
-   **min_in_stages**: first minimize non-backbone dofs, followed by backbone dofs only, and then everything together (default=0)
-   **design**: optimize sequence of residues spatially around the ligand (detection of neighbors need to be specified in the flagfile or resfile, default=0)
-   **repack_only**: if true, only repack sidechains without changing sequence. (default =0) If both design and repack_only are false, don't repack at all, only minimize
-   **fix_catalytic**: fix catalytic residues during repack/minimization (default =0)
-   **cst_opt**: perform minimization of enzdes constraints with a reduced scorefunction and in a polyAla background. (default= 0)
-   **backrub**: use backrub to minimize (default=0).
-   **minimize_rb**: minimize rigid body orientation of ligand (default=1)
-   **minimize_bb**: minimize back bone conformation of backbone segments that surround the ligand (contiguous neighbor segments of more than 3 residues are automatically chosen, default=0)
-   **minimize_sc**: minimize sidechains (default=1)
-   **minimize_lig**: minimize ligand internal torsion degrees of freedom (allowed deviation needs to be specified by flag, default =0)
-   **minimize_prot_jumps**: Minimize all jumps
-   **scorefxn_repack**: Name of score function to use
-   **scorefxn_minimize**: Name of score function to use
-   **rb_min_jumps**: specify which jumps to minimize. If this is specified it takes precedence over minimize_rb above. Useful if you have more than one ligand in the system and you only want to optimize one of the ligands, e.g., rb_min_jumps=1,2 would minimize only across jumps 1 and 2.

---
