<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
Performs a single fragment insertion move on the pose. Respects the restrictions imposed by the user-supplied MoveMap and underlying kinematics of the pose -i.e. FoldTree . By default, all backbone torsions are movable.

```xml
<SingleFragmentMover name="(&string;)" fragments="(&string;)"
        policy="(uniform &policy_type;)" >
    <MoveMap name="(&string;)" bb="(&bool;)" chi="(&bool;)" jump="(&bool;)" >
        <Jump number="(&non_negative_integer;)" setting="(&bool;)" />
        <Chain number="(&non_negative_integer;)" chi="(&bool;)" bb="(&bool;)" />
        <Span begin="(&non_negative_integer;)" end="(&non_negative_integer;)"
                chi="(&bool;)" bb="(&bool;)" bondangle="(&bool;)" bondlength="(&bool;)" />
    </MoveMap>
</SingleFragmentMover>
```

-   **fragments**: (REQUIRED) Fragment file. Fragments are used in the assembly of proteins whether for structure prediction or design, to cut down on the size of the protein-folding search space. They are a core part of the Rosetta design. : Fragment libraries are used by many protocols but are a core part of ab initio.
-   **policy**: Policy object is responsible for choosing from among the possible fragments contained in the fragment file. Currently, two policies are supported-- 'uniform' and 'smooth.' The former chooses uniformly amongst the set of possibilities. The latter chooses the fragment that, if applied, causes minimal distortion to the pose.


Subtag **MoveMap**:   MoveMap specification

-   **bb**: move backbone torsions?
-   **chi**: move sidechain chi torsions?
-   **jump**: move all jumps?


Subtag **Jump**:   jumps are the not-chemistry internal coordinate connections between separate parts of your pose

-   **number**: (REQUIRED) Which jump number (in the FoldTree)
-   **setting**: (REQUIRED) true for move, false for don't move

Subtag **Chain**:   this controls a kinematically contiguous chain (think protein chains)

-   **number**: (REQUIRED) which chain?
-   **chi**: (REQUIRED) move sidechain chi torsions?
-   **bb**: (REQUIRED) move backbone torsions?

Subtag **Span**:   XRW TO DO, probably a user-defined region of the Pose

-   **begin**: (REQUIRED) beginning of span
-   **end**: (REQUIRED) end of span
-   **chi**: (REQUIRED) move sidechain chi torsions?
-   **bb**: (REQUIRED) move backbone torsions?
-   **bondangle**: move 3-body angles?
-   **bondlength**: move 2-body lengths?

---
