<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
Builds an assembly around the segment provided in the input PDB file

```xml
<AppendAssemblyMover name="(&string;)" start_temperature="(0.6 &real;)"
        end_temperature="(0.6 &real;)" add_probability="(0.05 &real;)"
        delete_probability="(0.005 &real;)"
        conformer_switch_probability="(0 &real;)"
        window_width="(4 &positive_integer;)"
        minimum_cycles="(10000 &non_negative_integer;)"
        maximum_cycles="(100000 &non_negative_integer;)"
        model_file_name="(&string;)" hashed="(false &bool;)"
        edge_file_name="(&string;)" max_segments="(100 &non_negative_integer;)"
        max_segment_length="(100 &non_negative_integer;)"
        output_pose_per_move="(false &bool;)"
        recover_lowest_assembly="(true &bool;)"
        recursive_depth="(1 &non_negative_integer;)"
        pose_segment_starts="(&int_cslist;)" pose_segment_ends="(&int_cslist;)"
        pose_segment_dssp="(&string;)" strict_dssp_changes="(false &bool;)"
        set_segments_from_dssp="(false &bool;)" match_segments="(&int_cslist;)"
        partner_pdb="(&string;)"
        required_resnums="(&refpose_enabled_residue_number_cslist;)"
        max_recursion="(1 &non_negative_integer;)"
        modifiable_terminus="(B &string;)" output_partner="(true &bool;)"
        extend_mode="(false &bool;)" start_node_vital_segments="(all &string;)"
        required_selector="(&string;)" >
    <AssemblyScorers >
        <InterModelMotifScorer name="(&string;)" weight="(1.0 &real;)" />
        <IntraDesignTerminusMotifScorer name="(&string;)" weight="(1.0 &real;)"
                optimum_distance="(&real;)" maximum_unpenalized_variance="(&real;)" />
        <LigandScorer name="(&string;)" weight="(1.0 &real;)"
                ligand_interaction_cutoff_distance="(5.0 &real;)" />
        <MotifScorer name="(&string;)" weight="(1.0 &real;)" />
        <PartnerMotifScorer name="(&string;)" weight="(1.0 &real;)" />
        <SegmentContactOrderScorer name="(&string;)" weight="(1.0 &real;)" />
        <StartingNodeMotifScorer name="(&string;)" weight="(1.0 &real;)" />
        <SubsetPartnerMotifScorer name="(&string;)" weight="(1.0 &real;)"
                region_start="(1 &non_negative_integer;)"
                region_end="(2 &non_negative_integer;)" />
        <TerminusMotifScorer name="(&string;)" weight="(1.0 &real;)"
                partner_residue="(&non_negative_integer;)" optimum_distance="(&real;)"
                maximum_unpenalized_variance="(&real;)" terminus="(&string;)" />
        <TopNMotifScorer name="(&string;)" weight="(1.0 &real;)"
                scores_to_keep="(1 &non_negative_integer;)" />
    </AssemblyScorers>
    <AssemblyRequirements >
        <ClashRequirement name="(&string;)"
                maximum_clashes_allowed="(0 &non_negative_integer;)"
                clash_radius="(4.0 &real;)" />
        <DsspSpecificLengthRequirement name="(&string;)" dssp_code="(X &dssp_enum;)"
                maximum_length="(100 &non_negative_integer;)"
                minimum_length="(0 &non_negative_integer;)" />
        <KeepLigandContactsRequirement name="(&string;)"
                contact_distance_cutoff="(2.5 &real;)" />
        <LengthInResiduesRequirement name="(&string;)"
                maximum_length="(10000 &non_negative_integer;)"
                minimum_length="(0 &non_negative_integer;)" />
        <LigandClashRequirement name="(&string;)"
                maximum_clashes_allowed="(0 &non_negative_integer;)"
                clash_radius="(4.0 &real;)" />
        <NonTerminalStartingSegmentRequirement />
        <SizeInSegmentsRequirement name="(&string;)"
                maximum_size="(10000 &non_negative_integer;)"
                minimum_size="(0 &non_negative_integer;)" />
    </AssemblyRequirements>
    <Ligands >
        <Ligand partner_ligand="(false &bool;)" pdb_conformers="(&string;)"
                alignment_atoms="(&string;)" auto_detect_contacts="(true &bool;)"
                ligand_resnum="(&refpose_enabled_residue_number;)"
                ligand_selector="(&string;)" >
            <Contact partner_contact="(false &bool;)"
                    contact_resnum="(&refpose_enabled_residue_number;)"
                    ligand_atom_name="(&string;)" contact_atom_name="(&string;)" />
            <Coordination coordination_files="(&string;)"
                    geometry_score_threshold="(1 &real;)" >
                <IdealContacts distance="(&real;)" angle="(109.5 &real;)"
                        dihedral_1="(30 &real;)" dihedral_2="(30 &real;)"
                        max_coordinating_atoms="(&non_negative_integer;)"
                        ligand_atom_name="(&string;)" />
            </Coordination>
        </Ligand>
    </Ligands>
</AppendAssemblyMover>
```

-   **start_temperature**: Temperature at start of simulated annealing
-   **end_temperature**: Temperature at end of simulated annealing
-   **add_probability**: Probability of adding a triplet of segments at any given step during assembly
-   **delete_probability**: Probability of deleting a terminal triplet of segments at any given step during assembly
-   **conformer_switch_probability**: Probability of switching ligand conformers during assembly. This should only be used if a ligand is present AND if you have provided conformers for that ligand.
-   **window_width**: Required number of overlapping residues for two segments to be considered a match. Used in hashless SEWING only (for hashed SEWING, this is determined by the hasher settings used when generating the edge file).
-   **minimum_cycles**: Minimum number of Monte Carlo cycles for assembly before completion requirements are checked.
-   **maximum_cycles**: Maximum number of Monte Carlo cycles for assembly before forced termination.
-   **model_file_name**: (REQUIRED) Path to file defining segments to use during assembly
-   **hashed**: Use the hasher during assembly to check overlap of all atoms? Requires an input edge file.
-   **edge_file_name**: Path to edge file to use during assembly (only used if hashed is set to true)
-   **max_segments**: Maximum number of segments to include in the final assembly
-   **max_segment_length**: Maximum number of residues to include in a segment
-   **output_pose_per_move**: Setting to true will output a pose after each move/revert.
-   **recover_lowest_assembly**: Setting to true will output the lowest assembly in the final pose
-   **recursive_depth**: How many nodes after the terminal node should we keep track of alignments for?
-   **pose_segment_starts**: Residue numbers of the first residue in each segment in the input pose
-   **pose_segment_ends**: Residue numbers of the last residue in each segment in the input pose. Length must match that of pose_segment_starts.
-   **pose_segment_dssp**: String indicating the secondary structure of user-specified segments, one character per segment (e.g. HLH for a helix-loop-helix motif). Length should match that of pose_segment_starts and pose_segment_ends if specified.
-   **strict_dssp_changes**: Segments require at least a 2-residue change in DSSP to specify a new segment
-   **set_segments_from_dssp**: Determine segment boundaries based on pose secondary structure
-   **match_segments**: Which segments from the input pose should we be able to append onto? Defaults to exterior segments.
-   **partner_pdb**: Name of PDB file containing binding partner for this assembly
-   **required_resnums**: Residue numbers of residues in the input structure that must be preserved
-   **max_recursion**: How many alignments from the end nodes should be stored in memory?
-   **modifiable_terminus**: Which terminus of the starting node may be modified.
-   **output_partner**: Should the output pdb contain the partner?
-   **extend_mode**: Should SEWING append only a single helix?
-   **start_node_vital_segments**: Which segments from starting node are vital? (terminal or all)
-   **required_selector**: Residue selector specifying residues in the input structure that must be preserved


Subtag **AssemblyScorers**:   The subtags of this tag define the AssemblyScoreFunction that will be used to evaluate assemblies



Subtag **InterModelMotifScorer**:   Basic Motif score among non-adjacent helices

-   **weight**: How heavily will this term be weighted during scoring?

Subtag **IntraDesignTerminusMotifScorer**:   Motif score to measure packing of assembly against partner PDB

-   **weight**: How heavily will this term be weighted during scoring?
-   **optimum_distance**: How far apart should that residue optimally be from the terminus?
-   **maximum_unpenalized_variance**: How far off from that can it be before it should be penalized?

Subtag **LigandScorer**:   Scores how well ligand is buried based on orientation of nearby Ca's

-   **weight**: How heavily will this term be weighted during scoring?
-   **ligand_interaction_cutoff_distance**: The distance cutoff between ligand atom and c alpha that is considered an interaction.

Subtag **MotifScorer**:   Basic Motif score among all helices

-   **weight**: How heavily will this term be weighted during scoring?

Subtag **PartnerMotifScorer**:   Motif score to measure packing of assembly against partner PDB

-   **weight**: How heavily will this term be weighted during scoring?

Subtag **SegmentContactOrderScorer**:   Favors assemblies whose segments form contacts with segments distant in the assembly

-   **weight**: How heavily will this term be weighted during scoring?

Subtag **StartingNodeMotifScorer**:   Specifically scores packing against the starting node

-   **weight**: How heavily will this term be weighted during scoring?

Subtag **SubsetPartnerMotifScorer**:   Motif score to measure packing of assembly against partner PDB

-   **weight**: How heavily will this term be weighted during scoring?
-   **region_start**: What is the first residue of the scored subset?
-   **region_end**: What is the last residue of the scored subset?

Subtag **TerminusMotifScorer**:   Motif score to measure packing of assembly against partner PDB

-   **weight**: How heavily will this term be weighted during scoring?
-   **partner_residue**: Which residue of the partner should this scorer calculate distance to?
-   **optimum_distance**: How far apart should that residue optimally be from the terminus?
-   **maximum_unpenalized_variance**: How far off from that can it be before it should be penalized?
-   **terminus**: Which terminus should be scored?

Subtag **TopNMotifScorer**:   Basic Motif score among all helices

-   **weight**: How heavily will this term be weighted during scoring?
-   **scores_to_keep**: How many scores from each pair should be counted?

Subtag **AssemblyRequirements**:   Subtags of this tag define the set of requirements that will be used when evaluating SEWING assemblies



Subtag **ClashRequirement**:   Checks for clashes between segments in the assembly

-   **maximum_clashes_allowed**: Maximum number of clashes to allow in the assembly
-   **clash_radius**: Radius in Angstroms within which two residues are considered to be clashing

Subtag **DsspSpecificLengthRequirement**:   Restricts the number of residues in segments with the specified DSSP

-   **dssp_code**: DSSP code whose length the requirement is restricting
-   **maximum_length**: Maximum number of residues in a segment with the given secondary structure
-   **minimum_length**: Minimum number of residues in a segment with the given secondary structure

Subtag **KeepLigandContactsRequirement**:   Fails if an assembly's ligands lose more than a set number of contacts

-   **contact_distance_cutoff**: Maximum distance between two contact atoms before the contact is considered broken

Subtag **LengthInResiduesRequirement**:   Checks the number of segments in the assembly

-   **maximum_length**: Maximum number of residues to allow in the assembly
-   **minimum_length**: Minimum number of residues in the final assembly

Subtag **LigandClashRequirement**:   Checks for clashes between the assembly and its ligands

-   **maximum_clashes_allowed**: Maximum number of clashes to allow in the assembly
-   **clash_radius**: Radius in Angstroms within which two residues are considered to be clashing

Subtag **SizeInSegmentsRequirement**:   Checks the number of segments in the assembly

-   **maximum_size**: Maximum number of secondary structure elements (including loops) to allow in the assembly
-   **minimum_size**: Minimum number of secondary structure elements (including loops) in the final assembly

Subtag **Ligands**:   Subtags of this tag specify the ligands present in the input pose and their respective protein contacts.



Subtag **Ligand**:   Specifies the position of a ligand and the contacts that it forms with the input pose

-   **partner_ligand**: Is this ligand found in the partner PDB?
-   **pdb_conformers**: Name of file containing a list of PDBs (or other Rosetta-compatible input files) containing alternate ligand conformations to sample
-   **alignment_atoms**: Comma-separated list of atom names to use when aligning ligand conformers to one another
-   **auto_detect_contacts**: Should we automatically detect contacts that are joined to the ligand by inter-residue chemical bonds?
-   **ligand_resnum**: Residue number of ligand in either PDB or Rosetta numbering
-   **ligand_selector**: Residue selector indicating ligand(s) covered in this tag


Subtag **Contact**:   

-   **partner_contact**: Does this tag specify a contact with the partner PDB?
-   **contact_resnum**: (REQUIRED) Number of residue participating in this contact in PDB or Rosetta numbering
-   **ligand_atom_name**: Rosetta name for the ligand atom participating in the contact
-   **contact_atom_name**: Rosetta name for the protein atom participating in the contact

Subtag **Coordination**:   Contains subtags defining ideal coordination environments for atoms in the ligand

-   **coordination_files**: Comma-separated list of coordination file names for this ligand
-   **geometry_score_threshold**: Maximum score geometry score to allow when forming a contact


Subtag **IdealContacts**:   

-   **distance**: (REQUIRED) Ideal distance between ligand and contact atom
-   **angle**: Ideal angle between this atom's contacts
-   **dihedral_1**: Ideal dihedral angle: contact_base - contact - ligand_atom - other_contact
-   **dihedral_2**: Ideal dihedral angle: contact - ligand_atom - other_contact - other_base
-   **max_coordinating_atoms**: (REQUIRED) Maximum number of contacts that this atom can form. Note that IdealContacts tags do not need to be defined for atoms with no contacts.
-   **ligand_atom_name**: (REQUIRED) Rosetta name of the ligand atom to which this tag applies

---
