<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
Main mover for Glycan Relax, which optimizes glycans in a pose. Each round optimizes either one residue for BB sampling, linkage, or a [part of a ] branch for minimization and packing.Minimization and packing work by default by selecting a random glycan residue from any set movemap or all of them and then selecting the rest of the downstream branch.  Those residues are then minimized or packed.  Packing includes a neighbor packing shell. Currently uses a random sampler with a set of weights to each mover for sampling.

```xml
<GlycanRelaxMover name="(&string;)" kt="(&real;)"
        rounds="(&non_negative_integer;)" final_min="(true &bool;)"
        pymol_movie="(false &bool;)" refine="(false &bool;)"
        pack_distance="(&real;)" cartmin="(false &bool;)"
        tree_based_min_pack="(true &bool;)"
        population_based_conformer_sampling="(false &bool;)"
        conformer_sampling_sd="(2.0 &real;)" uniform_sd_sampling="(true &bool;)"
        min_rings="(false &bool;)"
        task_operations="(&task_operation_comma_separated_list;)"
        scorefxn="(&string;)" residue_selector="(&string;)" />
```

-   **kt**: Temperature for metropolis criterion
-   **rounds**: Number of relax rounds to perform.  Will be multiplied by the number of glycan residues.
-   **final_min**: Perform a final minimization
-   **pymol_movie**: Output a PyMOL movie of the run
-   **refine**: Do not start with a random glycan conformation.
-   **pack_distance**: Neighbor distance for packing
-   **cartmin**: Use Cartesian Minimization instead of Dihedral Minimization during packing steps.
-   **tree_based_min_pack**: Use Tree-based minimization and packing instead of minimizing and packing ALL residues each time we min.  Significantly impacts runtime.  If you are seeing crappy structures for a few sugars, turn this off.  This is default-on to decrease runtime for a large number of glycans.
-   **population_based_conformer_sampling**: Use the populations of the conformers as probabilities during our linkage conformer sampling.  This makes it harder to overcome energy barriers with more-rare conformers!
-   **conformer_sampling_sd**: Number of SDs to sample within during conformer sampling.
-   **uniform_sd_sampling**: Set whether if we are sampling uniform within the set number of standard deviations or by uniform within the SD.
-   **min_rings**: Minimize Carbohydrate Rings during minimization.
-   **task_operations**: A comma separated list of TaskOperations to use.
-   **scorefxn**: Name of score function to use
-   **residue_selector**: The name of the already defined ResidueSelector that will be used by this object

---
