<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
Mover to add specified glycosylations to a pose in the specified positions

```xml
<SimpleGlycosylateMover name="(&string;)" glycosylation="(&string;)"
        glycosylations="(&string;)"
        position="(&refpose_enabled_residue_number;)"
        positions="(&refpose_enabled_residue_number_cslist;)"
        weights="(&delimited_real_list;)" strip_existing="(&bool;)"
        ref_pose_name="(&string;)" idealize_glycosylation="(&bool;)" >
    <MoveMap name="(&string;)" bb="(&bool;)" chi="(&bool;)" jump="(&bool;)" >
        <Jump number="(&non_negative_integer;)" setting="(&bool;)" />
        <Chain number="(&non_negative_integer;)" chi="(&bool;)" bb="(&bool;)" />
        <Span begin="(&non_negative_integer;)" end="(&non_negative_integer;)"
                chi="(&bool;)" bb="(&bool;)" bondangle="(&bool;)" bondlength="(&bool;)" />
    </MoveMap>
</SimpleGlycosylateMover>
```

-   **glycosylation**: String specifying the glycosylation to add to this pose (or a file name containing the glycosylation)
-   **glycosylations**: String or file name specifying multiple possible glycosylations to add to this pose (will be sampled randomly
-   **position**: Position to add glycosylation
-   **positions**: Positions to add glycosylations
-   **weights**: Sampling weights corresponding to the provided set of glycans
-   **strip_existing**: Strip existing glycosylations from the pose
-   **ref_pose_name**: Name of saved reference pose
-   **idealize_glycosylation**: Idealize glycosylations on the pose?


Subtag **MoveMap**:   XRW TO DO

-   **bb**: move backbone torsions?
-   **chi**: move sidechain chi torsions?
-   **jump**: move all jumps?


Subtag **Jump**:   jumps are the not-chemistry internal coordinate connections between separate parts of your pose

-   **number**: (REQUIRED) Which jump number (in the FoldTree)
-   **setting**: (REQUIRED) true for move, false for don't move

Subtag **Chain**:   this controls a kinematically contiguous chain (think protein chains)

-   **number**: (REQUIRED) which chain?
-   **chi**: (REQUIRED) move sidechain chi torsions?
-   **bb**: (REQUIRED) move backbone torsions?

Subtag **Span**:   XRW TO DO, probably a user-defined region of the Pose

-   **begin**: (REQUIRED) beginning of span
-   **end**: (REQUIRED) end of span
-   **chi**: (REQUIRED) move sidechain chi torsions?
-   **bb**: (REQUIRED) move backbone torsions?
-   **bondangle**: move 3-body angles?
-   **bondlength**: move 2-body lengths?

---
