<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
Small-move style backbone-torsion moves that, unlike shear, do not minimize downstream propagation.

```xml
<Small name="(&string;)" temperature="(&real;)"
        nmoves="(&non_negative_integer;)" angle_max="(6.0 &real;)"
        preserve_detailed_balance="(&bool;)" scorefxn="(&string;)"
        residue_selector="(&string;)" >
    <MoveMap name="(&string;)" bb="(&bool;)" chi="(&bool;)" jump="(&bool;)" >
        <Jump number="(&non_negative_integer;)" setting="(&bool;)" />
        <Chain number="(&non_negative_integer;)" chi="(&bool;)" bb="(&bool;)" />
        <Span begin="(&non_negative_integer;)" end="(&non_negative_integer;)"
                chi="(&bool;)" bb="(&bool;)" bondangle="(&bool;)" bondlength="(&bool;)" />
    </MoveMap>
</Small>
```

-   **temperature**: What MC acceptance temperature to use (tests only the rama score, so not a full MC)
-   **nmoves**: How many consecutive moves to make
-   **angle_max**: By how much to perturb the backbone
-   **preserve_detailed_balance**: If set to true, does not test the MC acceptance criterion, and instead always accepts
-   **scorefxn**: Name of score function to use
-   **residue_selector**: An optional, previously-defined ResidueSelector, specifying the subset of residues to which the mover will be applied. If not provided, the mover is applied to the whole pose. (Alternatively, a MoveMap may be used -- see below)


Subtag **MoveMap**:   MoveMap specification

-   **bb**: move backbone torsions?
-   **chi**: move sidechain chi torsions?
-   **jump**: move all jumps?


Subtag **Jump**:   jumps are the not-chemistry internal coordinate connections between separate parts of your pose

-   **number**: (REQUIRED) Which jump number (in the FoldTree)
-   **setting**: (REQUIRED) true for move, false for don't move

Subtag **Chain**:   this controls a kinematically contiguous chain (think protein chains)

-   **number**: (REQUIRED) which chain?
-   **chi**: (REQUIRED) move sidechain chi torsions?
-   **bb**: (REQUIRED) move backbone torsions?

Subtag **Span**:   XRW TO DO, probably a user-defined region of the Pose

-   **begin**: (REQUIRED) beginning of span
-   **end**: (REQUIRED) end of span
-   **chi**: (REQUIRED) move sidechain chi torsions?
-   **bb**: (REQUIRED) move backbone torsions?
-   **bondangle**: move 3-body angles?
-   **bondlength**: move 2-body lengths?

---
