<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
A class to sample sequences from a PerResidueProbabilitiesMetric and thread them onto the pose.

References and author information for the SampleSequenceFromProbabilities mover:

SampleSequenceFromProbabilities Mover's author(s):
Moritz Ertelt, University of Leipzig [moritz.ertelt@gmail.com]  (Wrote the SampleSequenceFromProbabilities.)

```xml
<SampleSequenceFromProbabilities name="(&string;)" metric="(&string;)"
        pos_temp="(1 &real;)" aa_temp="(1 &real;)" prob_cutoff="(0.0001 &real;)"
        delta_prob_cutoff="(0 &real;)"
        max_mutations="(10000 &non_negative_integer;)" packing="(true &bool;)"
        use_cached_data="(false &bool;)" cache_prefix="(&string;)"
        cache_suffix="(&string;)" fail_on_missing_cache="(true &bool;)"
        task_operations="(&task_operation_comma_separated_list;)"
        packer_palette="(&named_packer_palette;)" />
```

-   **metric**: (REQUIRED) A PerResidueProbabilitiesMetric to calculate the pseudo-perplexity from.
-   **pos_temp**: Sampling temperature for choosing positions. T greater 1 is more deterministic, T smaller 1 increases diversity. Defaults to 1
-   **aa_temp**: Sampling temperature for choosing amino acids. T greater 1 is more deterministic, T smaller 1 increases diversity. Defaults to 1
-   **prob_cutoff**: Probability cutoff for amino acids to consider for sampling. Defaults to 0.0001
-   **delta_prob_cutoff**: Delta probability (current-proposed) cutoff for amino acids to consider for sampling. Defaults to 0 (at least as likely as the current)
-   **max_mutations**: The maximal amount of mutations allowed. Defaults to basically unlimited (10000)
-   **packing**: Whether to do any packing at all, if set to false results in basic rotamers. You might want to set this to false if you e.g. relax after this mover anyways. (Default true)
-   **use_cached_data**: Use any data stored in the datacache that matches the set metrics name (and any prefix/suffix.)  Data is stored during a SimpleMetric's apply function, which is called during RunSimpleMetrics
-   **cache_prefix**: Any prefix used during apply (RunSimpleMetrics), that we will match on if use_cache is true
-   **cache_suffix**: Any suffix used during apply (RunSimpleMetrics), that we will match on if use_cache is true
-   **fail_on_missing_cache**: If use_cached_data is True and cache is not found, should we fail?
-   **task_operations**: A comma-separated list of TaskOperations to use.
-   **packer_palette**: A previously-defined PackerPalette to use, which specifies the set of residue types with which to design (to be pruned with TaskOperations).

---
