<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
Select residues based on bfactor values

References and author information for the BFactorSelector residue selector:

BFactorSelector ResidueSelector's author(s):
AmeyaHarmalkar, Johns Hopkins University [aharmal1@jhu.edu]  (Wrote the BFactorSelector.)

```xml
<BFactorSelector name="(&string;)" selector="(&string;)"
        lower_bfactor="(0.0 &real;)" upper_bfactor="(100.0 &real;)"
        lower="(0 &non_negative_integer;)" upper="(0 &non_negative_integer;)"
        min_contiguous_res="(3 &non_negative_integer;)"
        cross_chain_boundaries="(&bool;)" />
```

-   **selector**: . The name of a previously declared residue selector or a logical expression of AND, NOT (!), OR, parentheses, and the names of previously declared residue selectors. Any capitalization of AND, NOT, and OR is accepted. An exclamation mark can be used instead of NOT. Boolean operators have their traditional priorities: NOT then AND then OR. For example, if selectors s1, s2, and s3 have been declared, you could write: 's1 or s2 and not s3' which would select a particular residue if that residue were selected by s1 or if it were selected by s2 but not by s3.
-   **lower_bfactor**: residues scoring equal to or above this threshold will be selected
-   **upper_bfactor**: residues scoring equal to or below this threshold will be selected
-   **lower**: lower limit for contiguous residues (N-terminus)
-   **upper**: upper limit for contiguous residues (C-terminus)
-   **min_contiguous_res**: Minimum contiguous segments acceptable i.e. residues for which contiguous stretches higher than min_contiguous_res option and satisfying the threshold criteria would be selected. Say if min_contiguous_res = 3, and the BFactorSelector selects the residues [12-15,17,18-19,23-27] but with the min_contiguous_res option the final selection would be [12-15,23-27] so that only contiguous segments of residues are selected. Useful if the output of selection is passed on to Backrub or KIC movers which need pivot and cutpoints.
-   **cross_chain_boundaries**: Allow the selector to cross chain boundaries? By default false.

---
