<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
The ClashBasedShellSelector identifies all residues that clash with at least one rotamer of a given residue selection.

```xml
<ClashBasedShell name="(&string;)" scorefxn="(&string;)"
        task_operations="(&task_operation_comma_separated_list;)"
        packer_palette="(&named_packer_palette;)" residue_selector="(&string;)"
        resnums="(&int_cslist;)" invert="(false &bool;)"
        num_shells="(1 &non_negative_integer;)" include_focus="(true &bool;)"
        focus_on_designable="(true &bool;)" bump_overlap_factor="(0.5 &real;)" >
    <Residue Selector Tag ... />
</ClashBasedShell>
```

-   **scorefxn**: Name of score function to use
-   **task_operations**: A comma-separated list of TaskOperations to use.
-   **packer_palette**: A previously-defined PackerPalette to use, which specifies the set of residue types with which to design (to be pruned with TaskOperations).
-   **residue_selector**: The name of the already defined ResidueSelector that will be used by this object
-   **resnums**: The residues to build the shell around.  These can also be specified via the 'selector' or 'task_operations' options, or via a ResidueSelector subtag.
-   **invert**: Select the residues that @b aren't part of the clash-based shell.
-   **num_shells**: The number of shells to calculate.
-   **include_focus**: If true, include the focus residues in the ultimate selection.
-   **focus_on_designable**: Only applies if 'task_operations' is given.  By default, only residues that can design are considered when building the shell.  Set to 'false' to also consider residues that can repack.
-   **bump_overlap_factor**: Two atoms are considered to clash when the squared distance between them is less than: bump_overlap_factor * {sum of Lennard-Jones radii}^2


"Residue Selector Tag": Any of the [[ResidueSelectors]]

---
