<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
selector that selects all the residues between those selected by another selector that are not interspersed with those selected by a third selector. In other words, it fills in all the gaps between the N- and C-most residues of the terminus selector that do not have a residue between them selected by the breaking selector.

```xml
<ConfluentSelector name="(&string;)" terminus_selector="(&string;)"
        breaking_selector="(&string;)" />
```

-   **terminus_selector**: This defines the ends of the selection. All gaps between residues selected by this selector will be filled in. The name of a previously declared residue selector or a logical expression of AND, NOT (!), OR, parentheses, and the names of previously declared residue selectors. Any capitalization of AND, NOT, and OR is accepted. An exclamation mark can be used instead of NOT. Boolean operators have their traditional priorities: NOT then AND then OR. For example, if selectors s1, s2, and s3 have been declared, you could write: 's1 or s2 and not s3' which would select a particular residue if that residue were selected by s1 or if it were selected by s2 but not by s3.
-   **breaking_selector**: This selector operates inversely to the terminus selector. All gaps in the terminus selector containing at least one residue selected by the breaking selector are retained as gaps. The name of a previously declared residue selector or a logical expression of AND, NOT (!), OR, parentheses, and the names of previously declared residue selectors. Any capitalization of AND, NOT, and OR is accepted. An exclamation mark can be used instead of NOT. Boolean operators have their traditional priorities: NOT then AND then OR. For example, if selectors s1, s2, and s3 have been declared, you could write: 's1 or s2 and not s3' which would select a particular residue if that residue were selected by s1 or if it were selected by s2 but not by s3.

---
