<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
Authors: Benjamin P. Brown (benjamin.p.brown17@gmail.com) 
A Residue Selector that selects neighboring residues to a set of residues (focus) based on distance to a collection of user-specified atoms within the focus residues.  By default, includes this focus in the resulting selection.

References and author information for the MultiAtomNeighborhoodSelector residue selector:

MultiAtomNeighborResidueSelector ResidueSelector's author(s):
Benjamin P. Brown, Department of Chemistry, Vanderbilt University [benjamin.p.brown17@gmail.com]

```xml
<MultiAtomNeighborhoodSelector name="(&string;)" selector="(&string;)"
        resnums="(&string;)" distance="(10.0 &real;)"
        focus_atom_names_for_distance_measure="(&string;)"
        search_against_atom_names_for_distance_measure="(&string;)"
        include_focus_in_subset="(true &bool;)"
        search_only_by_focus_nbr_atoms="(false &bool;)"
        search_by_all_focus_heavy_atoms="(true &bool;)"
        search_by_all_focus_hydrogen_atoms="(false &bool;)"
        search_only_against_nbr_atoms="(true &bool;)"
        search_against_all_heavy_atoms="(false &bool;)"
        search_against_all_hydrogen_atoms="(false &bool;)" >
    <Residue Selector Tag ... />
</MultiAtomNeighborhoodSelector>
```

-   **selector**: Focus to select around. The name of a previously declared residue selector or a logical expression of AND, NOT (!), OR, parentheses, and the names of previously declared residue selectors. Any capitalization of AND, NOT, and OR is accepted. An exclamation mark can be used instead of NOT. Boolean operators have their traditional priorities: NOT then AND then OR. For example, if selectors s1, s2, and s3 have been declared, you could write: 's1 or s2 and not s3' which would select a particular residue if that residue were selected by s1 or if it were selected by s2 but not by s3.
-   **resnums**: Focus to select around.
-   **distance**: Distance to measure neighbors. Default is 10A.
-   **focus_atom_names_for_distance_measure**: A list of comma separated atom names, for each focus residue, the positions of which will be used for measuring distance to find neighbors.
-   **search_against_atom_names_for_distance_measure**: A list of comma separated atom names, for each searchable residue, the positions of which will be used for measuring distance to find neighbors.
-   **include_focus_in_subset**: Should the focus be included in the returning subset?  Default True
-   **search_only_by_focus_nbr_atoms**: If true, only search for neighbors based on focus residue NBR atoms (overrides other focus search options).  Default False
-   **search_by_all_focus_heavy_atoms**: If true, use all heavy atoms in focus residues to identify neighbors.  Default True
-   **search_by_all_focus_hydrogen_atoms**: If true, use all hydrogen atoms in focus residues to identify neighbors.  Default False
-   **search_only_against_nbr_atoms**: If true, only search for neighbors against NBR atoms (overrides other focus search options).  Default True
-   **search_against_all_heavy_atoms**: If true, search against all residue heavy atoms to identify neighbors. Default False
-   **search_against_all_hydrogen_atoms**: If true, search against all residue hydrogen atoms to identify neighbors.  Default False


"Residue Selector Tag": Any of the [[ResidueSelectors]]

---
