<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
Defines a scoring function that can be used in subsequent movers, filters, etc.  A scoring function consists of one or more scoring terms, each given a weight.  The total score is the sum of each term times its weight.

```xml
<ScoreFunction name="(&string;)" weights="(&string;)" patch="(&string;)"
        symmetric="(&bool;)" hs_hash="(&real;)" >
    <Reweight scoretype="(&string;)" weight="(&real;)" />
    <Set exclude_DNA_DNA_hbond="(&bool;)" use_hb_env_dep_DNA="(&bool;)"
            use_hb_env_dep="(&bool;)" smooth_hb_env_dep="(&bool;)"
            decompose_bb_hb_into_pair_energies="(&bool;)"
            hbonds__hb_max_energy="(&real;)"
            hbonds__exclude_DNA_DNA_hbond="(&bool;)"
            hbonds__use_hb_env_dep_DNA="(&bool;)"
            hbonds__put_intra_into_total="(&bool;)"
            hbonds__exclude_self_hbonds="(&bool;)" hbonds__use_hb_env_dep="(&bool;)"
            hbonds__smooth_hb_env_dep="(&bool;)"
            hbonds__decompose_bb_hb_into_pair_energies="(&bool;)"
            hbonds__exclude_intra_res_protein="(&bool;)"
            hbonds__exclude_intra_res_RNA="(&bool;)"
            hbonds__bb_donor_acceptor_check="(&bool;)"
            hbonds__params_database_tag="(&string;)"
            hbonds__use_sp2_chi_penalty="(&bool;)"
            hbonds__sp2_BAH180_rise="(&real;)" hbonds__sp2_outer_width="(&real;)"
            hbonds__measure_sp3acc_BAH_from_hvy="(&bool;)"
            hbonds__fade_energy="(&bool;)" hbonds__exclude_ether_oxygens="(&bool;)"
            hbonds__Mbhbond="(&bool;)" hbonds__mphbond="(&bool;)"
            lj_hbond_OH_donor_dis="(&real;)" lj_hbond_hdis="(&real;)"
            fa_max_dis="(&real;)" aa_composition_setup_file="(&string;)"
            mhc_epitope_setup_file="(&string;)" netcharge_setup_file="(&string;)"
            softrep_etable="(&bool;)" fa_elec_min_dis="(&real;)"
            fa_elec_max_dis="(&real;)" fa_elec_dielectric="(&real;)"
            fa_elec_no_dis_dep_die="(&bool;)"
            exclude_protein_protein_fa_elec="(&bool;)" exclude_DNA_DNA="(&bool;)"
            pb_bound_tag="(&string;)" pb_unbound_tag="(&string;)"
            scale_sc_dens="(&real;)" scale_sc_dens_byres="(&string;)"
            nmer_ref_seq_length="(&non_negative_integer;)"
            nmer_svm_term_length="(&non_negative_integer;)"
            nmer_svm_pssm_feat="(&bool;)" nmer_svm_scorecut="(&real;)"
            nmer_svm_avg_rank_as_energy="(&bool;)" nmer_svm_aa_matrix="(&string;)"
            nmer_svm_list="(&string;)" nmer_svm="(&string;)"
            nmer_svm_rank_list="(&string;)" nmer_svm_rank="(&string;)"
            approximate_buried_unsat_penalty_hbond_energy_threshold="(&real;)"
            approximate_buried_unsat_penalty_burial_atomic_depth="(&real;)"
            approximate_buried_unsat_penalty_burial_probe_radius="(&real;)"
            approximate_buried_unsat_penalty_burial_resolution="(&real;)"
            approximate_buried_unsat_penalty_oversat_penalty="(&real;)"
            approximate_buried_unsat_penalty_assume_const_backbone="(&bool;)"
            approximate_buried_unsat_penalty_natural_corrections1="(&bool;)"
            approximate_buried_unsat_penalty_hbond_bonus_cross_chain="(&real;)"
            approximate_buried_unsat_penalty_hbond_bonus_ser_to_helix_bb="(&real;)"
            approximate_buried_unsat_penalty_lys_ok_with_1="(&bool;)"
            buried_unsatisfied_penalty_cone_angle_exponent="(&real;)"
            buried_unsatisfied_penalty_cone_angle_shift_factor="(&real;)"
            buried_unsatisfied_penalty_cone_dist_exponent="(&real;)"
            buried_unsatisfied_penalty_cone_dist_midpoint="(&real;)"
            buried_unsatisfied_penalty_burial_threshold="(&real;)"
            buried_unsatisfied_penalty_hbond_energy_threshold="(&real;)"
            target_clash_pdb="(&string;)" gamess_path="(&string;)"
            gamess_executable_version="(00 &string;)"
            gamess_memory_megabytes="(8192 &positive_integer;)"
            gamess_threads="(1 &non_negative_integer;)"
            gamess_processes_per_node="(1 &non_negative_integer;)"
            use_gamess_mpi="(false &bool;)"
            rosetta_gamess_bridge_temp_directory="(./ &string;)"
            clean_rosetta_gamess_bridge_temp_directory="(true &bool;)"
            clean_gamess_scratch_directory="(true &bool;)"
            gamess_qm_energy_file_prefix="(gamess_qm_energy &string;)"
            gamess_hybrid_molecular_orbital_file="(tools/fmo/HMO/HMOs.txt &string;)"
            gamess_verbosity="(normal &string;)" gamess_solvent="(WATER &string;)"
            gamess_use_smd_solvent="(false &bool;)"
            gamess_basis_set="(N21 &string;)"
            gamess_ngaussian="(3 &non_negative_integer;)"
            gamess_npfunc="(0 &non_negative_integer;)"
            gamess_ndfunc="(0 &non_negative_integer;)"
            gamess_nffunc="(0 &non_negative_integer;)"
            gamess_diffsp="(false &bool;)" gamess_diffs="(false &bool;)"
            gamess_dft_functional="(wB97X-D &string;)"
            gamess_dft_dispersion_corrections="(-1 &integer;)"
            gamess_multiplicity="(1 &positive_integer;)"
            gamess_electron_correlation_treatment="(HF &string;)"
            gamess_max_scf_iterations="(0 &non_negative_integer;)"
            gamess_use_scf_damping="(false &bool;)"
            gamess_fmo_calculation="(false &bool;)"
            gamess_max_fmo_monomer_scf_iterations="(30 &positive_integer;)"
            gamess_hybrid_molecular_orbital="(3-21G &string;)"
            gamess_symmetry="(NONE &string;)" gamess_symmetry_n="(0 &string;)"
            gamess_fmo_verbosity="(minimal &string;)"
            gamess_qm_energy_geo_opt="(false &bool;)"
            gamess_error_on_nonideal_bond_length_after_opt="(false &bool;)"
            gamess_nonideal_bond_length_fract_threshold="(0.350000 &real;)"
            gamess_geo_opt_max_steps="(20 &positive_integer;)"
            gamess_geo_opt_tolerance="(0.000100 &real;)"
            gamess_immobilize_h_bond_lengths="(0 &bool;)"
            gamess_use_h_bond_length_constraints="(0 &bool;)"
            gamess_h_bond_length_constraint_force="(627.500000 &real;)"
            gamess_freeze_atoms_cart="(&string_cslist;)"
            gamess_freeze_atoms_by_res_cart="(&string_cslist;)"
            gamess_dftb_taylor_expansion_order="(3 &non_negative_integer;)"
            gamess_use_dftb_long_range_correction="(false &bool;)"
            gamess_dftb_long_range_correction_parameter="(0.300000 &real;)"
            gamess_use_dftb_damping_function_for_X_H="(false &bool;)"
            gamess_dftb_damping_exponent_for_X_H="(4.000000 &real;)"
            gamess_use_dftb_shell_resolved_scc="(false &bool;)"
            gamess_dftb_convergence_method="(Broyden &string;)"
            gamess_dftb_electronic_temperature="(0.000000 &real;)"
            gamess_dftb_dispersion_model="(NONE &string;)"
            gamess_dftb_parameters_directory="(3OB-3-1 &string;)"
            dump_trajectory_prefix="(&string;)" dump_trajectory_gz="(&bool;)"
            dump_trajectory_stride="(&positive_integer;)"
            voids_penalty_energy_containing_cones_cutoff="(&non_negative_integer;)"
            voids_penalty_energy_voxel_size="(&real;)"
            voids_penalty_energy_voxel_grid_padding="(&real;)"
            voids_penalty_energy_cone_dotproduct_cutoff="(&real;)"
            voids_penalty_energy_cone_distance_cutoff="(&real;)"
            voids_penalty_energy_disabled_except_during_packing="(&bool;)"
            hbnet_bonus_function_ramping="(&hbnet_bonus_function_allowed_types;)"
            hbnet_max_network_size="(&non_negative_integer;)" />
    <QMConfiguration
            fmo_fragmentation_method="(carbon_carbon_favouring_residue_based_fragments &string;)" />
</ScoreFunction>
```

-   **weights**: A .wts file specifying the relative weights of score terms.
-   **patch**: A patch file specifying how the relative weights of score terms given in a weights file should be modified.
-   **symmetric**: THIS ATTRIBUTE IS NOW DEPRECATED.  It is only included for backwards compatibility.  It used to be the case that separate scorefunctions were needed for symmetric or asymmetric poses.  In older versions of Rosetta, if true, this scorefunction could be used to score symmetric poses; if false, it could only be used on asymmetric poses.  In current Rosetta, any scorefunction can score any pose.
-   **hs_hash**: THIS ATTRIBUTE IS DEPRECATED, AND WILL BE REMOVED SOON. Sets the weight of the backbone_stub_constraint scoreterm.  This is better done with a 'Reweight' sub-tag.


Subtag **Reweight**:   

-   **scoretype**: (REQUIRED) The name of a score term to be reweighted.
-   **weight**: The score term weight to be assigned.

Subtag **Set**:   

-   **exclude_DNA_DNA_hbond**: Do not score hydrogen bonds between DNA residues
-   **use_hb_env_dep_DNA**: Enable environmental dependent weighting of hydrogen bonds involving DNA
-   **use_hb_env_dep**: Enable environmental dependent weighting of hydrogen bond terms
-   **smooth_hb_env_dep**: Smooth environmental dependence of hbond term
-   **decompose_bb_hb_into_pair_energies**: Should backbone-backbone hydrogen bonds be split between the two participating residues?
-   **hbonds__hb_max_energy**: Max possible hbond energy. Under nearly all circumstances this should be set to 0.0.
-   **hbonds__exclude_DNA_DNA_hbond**: Same as exclude_DNA_DNA_hbond
-   **hbonds__use_hb_env_dep_DNA**: Same as use_hb_env_dep_DNA
-   **hbonds__put_intra_into_total**: Include intra-res hbond score in total
-   **hbonds__exclude_self_hbonds**: Do not include intra-residue hydrogen bonds
-   **hbonds__use_hb_env_dep**: Same as use_hb_env_dep
-   **hbonds__smooth_hb_env_dep**: Same as smooth_hb_env_dep
-   **hbonds__decompose_bb_hb_into_pair_energies**: Same as decompose_bb_hb_into_pair_energies
-   **hbonds__exclude_intra_res_protein**: Do not include intra-residue protein hydrogen bonds
-   **hbonds__exclude_intra_res_RNA**: exclude intra-residue RNA hydrogen bonds
-   **hbonds__bb_donor_acceptor_check**: XRW TO DO
-   **hbonds__params_database_tag**: XRW TO DO
-   **hbonds__use_sp2_chi_penalty**: XRW TO DO
-   **hbonds__sp2_BAH180_rise**: XRW TO DO
-   **hbonds__sp2_outer_width**: XRW TO DO
-   **hbonds__measure_sp3acc_BAH_from_hvy**: XRW TO DO
-   **hbonds__fade_energy**: XRW TO DO
-   **hbonds__exclude_ether_oxygens**: XRW TO DO
-   **hbonds__Mbhbond**: XRW TO DO: pba
-   **hbonds__mphbond**: Membrane framework hbonding correction
-   **lj_hbond_OH_donor_dis**: Lennard Jones sigma value for O in OH donor groups
-   **lj_hbond_hdis**: Lennard Jones sigma value for hatms, classically it's been at 1.95 but the average A-H distance for hydrogen bonding is 1.75 from crystal structures
-   **fa_max_dis**: Max distance for energy function calculations, in angstroms
-   **aa_composition_setup_file**: A list of one or more .comp files specifying desired amino acid compositions, used to set up the aa_composition score term.
-   **mhc_epitope_setup_file**: A list of one or more .mhc files specifying epitope prediction details for the mhc_epitope score term.
-   **netcharge_setup_file**: A list of one or more .charge files specifying desired net charges, used to set up the netcharge score term.
-   **softrep_etable**: Should this scorefunction use a softened energy table for the fa_rep score term?
-   **fa_elec_min_dis**: The minimum distance for the fa_elec (Coulombic) score term.
-   **fa_elec_max_dis**: The maximum distance for the fa_elec (Coulombic) score term.
-   **fa_elec_dielectric**: The dielectric constant for the fa_elec (Coulombic) score term.
-   **fa_elec_no_dis_dep_die**: If true, the distance dependence of the dielectric constant used for the fa_elec (Coulombic) term is disabled.
-   **exclude_protein_protein_fa_elec**: If true, then the electrostatic interactions between protein residues are not calculated.  Used with exclude_DNA_DNA, this can be useful to speed up the calculation of DNA-protein interactions.
-   **exclude_DNA_DNA**: If true, then the electrostatic interactions between DNA residues are not calculated.  Used with exclude_protein_protein, this can be useful to speed up the calculation of DNA-protein interactions.
-   **pb_bound_tag**: XRW TO DO
-   **pb_unbound_tag**: XRW TO DO
-   **scale_sc_dens**: XRW TO DO
-   **scale_sc_dens_byres**: XRW TO DO
-   **nmer_ref_seq_length**: Length of N-mers in nmer_ref score.
-   **nmer_svm_term_length**: How many up/downstream residues to average and include in SVM sequence encodingin nmer_ref score.
-   **nmer_svm_pssm_feat**: Add pssm features to svm encoding in nmer_ref score?
-   **nmer_svm_scorecut**: N-mer SVM scorecut gate for ignoring low-scoring N-mers in nmer_ref score.
-   **nmer_svm_avg_rank_as_energy**: Use average of SVM score ranks as residue energy for NmerSVM scoring method (nmer_ref score term).  This option is good for normalizing across mhc/hla alleles.
-   **nmer_svm_aa_matrix**: N-mer SVM sequence-encoding matrix filename for nmer_ref score.
-   **nmer_svm_list**: File with list of N-mer SVM filenames (libsvm) for nmer_ref score.
-   **nmer_svm**: N-mer SVM filename (libsvm) for nmer_ref score.
-   **nmer_svm_rank_list**: File with list of N-mer svm rank scores filenames (libsvm) for nmer_ref score.
-   **nmer_svm_rank**: N-mer SVM rank scores filename (libsvm) for nmer_ref score.
-   **approximate_buried_unsat_penalty_hbond_energy_threshold**: Energy threshold for a h-bond to be considered satisfying a buried polar. Should be a negative number. (Setting to -0.001 will be much faster than 0 at runtime)
-   **approximate_buried_unsat_penalty_burial_atomic_depth**: The atomic depth cutoff to determine whether or not a polar atom is buried. Measured from the Sasa surface.
-   **approximate_buried_unsat_penalty_burial_probe_radius**: The probe radius for the atomic depth calculation.
-   **approximate_buried_unsat_penalty_burial_resolution**: The resolution for the atomic depth calculation.
-   **approximate_buried_unsat_penalty_oversat_penalty**: The penalty between atoms that both satisfy the same atom. If we let X = weight_of_approximate_buried_unsat_penalty. Then in general, a buried unsat is worth X, a satisfied unsat is worth 0, a doubly satisfied unsat is worth X * ( setting-1.0 ), a triply satisfied unsat is worth X * ( -2 + 3 * setting ), a N-ly satisfied unsat is worth X * ( 1 - N + 0.5 * N * (N - 1) ).
-   **approximate_buried_unsat_penalty_assume_const_backbone**: Should we assume that the backbone atoms will not change during a packing trajectory? (i.e. no positions that include normal aa and proline or n-methyl) If set to false, this energy method takes longer to compute. (~ 2X as long)
-   **approximate_buried_unsat_penalty_natural_corrections1**: Apply the following corrections to buried unsat penalty: nh2_wants_2, nh1_wants_1, hydroxyl_wants_h, carboxyl_wants_2
-   **approximate_buried_unsat_penalty_hbond_bonus_cross_chain**: Apply a bonus factor to hydrogen bonds accross chains.
-   **approximate_buried_unsat_penalty_hbond_bonus_ser_to_helix_bb**: Apply a bonus factor to the classic SER/THR i - i-4 h-bond. OG/OG1 - O. Set this positive to penalize.
-   **approximate_buried_unsat_penalty_lys_ok_with_1**: Make LYS N work like carbonyl O where it prefers 1 or 2 h-bonds.
-   **buried_unsatisfied_penalty_cone_angle_exponent**: The angle exponent for calculating burial by the method of sidechain neighbor cones, used by the BuriedUnsatPenalty energy.
-   **buried_unsatisfied_penalty_cone_angle_shift_factor**: The angle shift factor for calculating burial by the method of sidechain neighbor cones, used by the BuriedUnsatPenalty energy.
-   **buried_unsatisfied_penalty_cone_dist_exponent**: The distance exponent for calculating burial by the method of sidechain neighbor cones, used by the BuriedUnsatPenalty energy.
-   **buried_unsatisfied_penalty_cone_dist_midpoint**: The distance midpoint for calculating burial by the method of sidechain neighbor cones, used by the BuriedUnsatPenalty energy.
-   **buried_unsatisfied_penalty_burial_threshold**: The number of cones in which a point must lie to be considered buried by the method of sidechain neighbor cones, used by the BuriedUnsatPenalty energy.
-   **buried_unsatisfied_penalty_hbond_energy_threshold**: The energy threshold above which a hydrogen bond is not counted, used by the BuriedUnsatPenalty energy.
-   **target_clash_pdb**: The target pdb file for clash checking.
-   **gamess_path**: Path to GAMESS rungms executable (not including executable name).  If not specified, defaults to path set on the commandline with the -quantum_mechanics:GAMESS:GAMESS_path option.
-   **gamess_executable_version**: GAMESS executable version.  Typically, this is a two-digit string, like 00 or 01.  If not specified, this defaults to the executable version specified on the commandline with the -quantum_mechanics:GAMESS:GAMESS_executable_version option.
-   **gamess_memory_megabytes**: The amount of memory, in megabytes, that each GAMESS process is allowed to use.  Defaults to 8,192 megabytes, or whatever is set on the commandline with the -quantum_mechanics:GAMESS:GAMESS_memory_megabytes commandline flag.
-   **gamess_threads**: The number of GAMESS threads to launch.  Use 0 to launch one GAMESS thread per hardware thread on the node.  If not specified, defaults to what is set on the commandline with the -quantum_mechanics:GAMESS:GAMESS_threads commandline flag.
-   **gamess_processes_per_node**: The number of GAMESS MPI processes to launch per node per calling Rosetta thread or process.  Use 0 to launch one GAMESS MPI process per hardware thread on the node.  Only used if MPI build of GAMESS is used.  If not specified, defaults to what is set on the commandline with the -quantum_mechanics:GAMESS:GAMESS_processes_per_node commandline flag.
-   **use_gamess_mpi**: If true, the MPI build of GAMESS will be used (which requires a value for gamess processes per node).  If not specified, defaults to the commandline setting, based on whether the -quantum_mechanics:GAMESS:GAMESS_processes_per_node option is provided.
-   **rosetta_gamess_bridge_temp_directory**: The location of the directory to which we will write temporary files to allow Rosetta to communicate with GAMESS.  If not specified, defaults to what is set on the commandline with the -quantum_mechanics:GAMESS:rosetta_GAMESS_bridge_temp_directory commandline flag.
-   **clean_rosetta_gamess_bridge_temp_directory**: If true, temporary files written during the Rosetta-GAMESS bridge scratch directory will be deleted.  If not specified, defaults to what is set on the commandline with the -quantum_mechanics:GAMESS:clean_rosetta_GAMESS_bridge_temp_directory commandline flag.
-   **clean_gamess_scratch_directory**: If true, GAMESS temporary files written during the calculation will be deleted.  If not specified, defaults to what is set on the commandline with the -quantum_mechanics:GAMESS:clean_GAMESS_scratch_directory commandline flag.
-   **gamess_qm_energy_file_prefix**: The prefix to use for temporary files written by the gamess_qm_energy energy method.  Generally, one needn't change this, but it can be useful if one has many instances of Rosetta running on the same system and using the same GAMESS scratch directory or GAMESS supplemental output directory.  If not specified, defaults to what is set on the commandline with the -quantum_mechanics:GAMESS:gamess_qm_energy_file_prefix commandline flag.
-   **gamess_hybrid_molecular_orbital_file**: The path and filename of the GAMESS HMOs.txt file.  This is only used for fragment molecular orbital (FMO) calculations.  This can be a relative path from the directory that contains the rungms executable or an absolute path.  If not specified, defaults to what is set on the commandline with the -quantum_mechanics:GAMESS:gamess_hybrid_molecular_orbital_file commandline flag (and rarely needs to be changed).
-   **gamess_verbosity**: The overall verbosity level for the GAMESS output log.  Allowed options are 'maximal', 'normal', and 'minimal', and these correspond to NPRINT=9, NPRINT=7, and NPRINT=-5, respectively, in the $CONTRL block of the GAMESS input file.  Note that fragment molecular orbital (FMO) verbosity is set separately with the default_fmo_verbosity flag. If not specified, this defaults to whatever is set on the commandline with the -quantum_mechanics:GAMESS:default_verbosity commandline flag.
-   **gamess_solvent**: The solvent to use.  Common choics are GAS (no solvent) and WATER.  If not specified, defaults to what is set on the commandline with the -quantum_mechanics:GAMESS:default_solvent flag.
-   **gamess_use_smd_solvent**: If true, use the Solvation Model Density (SMD) with CDS corrections; otherwise, use a standard polarizable continuum model for solvation.
-   **gamess_basis_set**: The basis set to use for point energy calculation.  If not specified, defaults to what is set on the commandline with the -quantum_mechanics:GAMESS:default_basis_set flag.
-   **gamess_ngaussian**: The number of Gaussians to include in the basis set.  Only used for some basis sets.  If not specified, defaults to what is set on the commandline with the -quantum_mechanics:GAMESS:default_ngaussian flag.
-   **gamess_npfunc**: The number of light-atom (H, He) P-orbital basis functions to include in the basis set.  Not used by all basis functions; see the GAMESS documentation for details.  Maximum 3.  If not specified, defaults to what is set on the commandline with the -quantum_mechanics:GAMESS:default_npfunc flag.
-   **gamess_ndfunc**: The number of heavyatom D-orbital basis functions to include in the basis set.  Not used by all basis functions; see the GAMESS documentation for details.  If not specified, defaults to what is set on the commandline with the -quantum_mechanics:GAMESS:default_ndfunc flag.
-   **gamess_nffunc**: The number of heavyatom F-orbital basis functions to include in the basis set.  Not used by all basis functions; see the GAMESS documentation for details.  If not specified, defaults to what is set on the commandline with the -quantum_mechanics:GAMESS:default_nffunc flag.
-   **gamess_diffsp**: Should a diffuse SP shell be added to heavyatoms?  See the GAMESS documentation for details.  If not specified, defaults to what is set on the commandline with the -quantum_mechanics:GAMESS:default_diffsp flag.
-   **gamess_diffs**: Should a diffuse S shell be added to hydrogen atoms?  See the GAMESS documentation for details.  If not specified, defaults to what is set on the commandline with the -quantum_mechanics:GAMESS:default_diffs flag.
-   **gamess_dft_functional**: The DFT functional to use, if density functional theory is specified.  If not specified, defaults to what is set on the commandline with the -quantum_mechanics:GAMESS:default_dft_functional flag.
-   **gamess_dft_dispersion_corrections**: The DFT dispersion correction to use, specified as an integer.  Use -1 to use GAMESS default, 0 for None, 1 for Grimme's DC 2004, 2 for Grimme's DC 2006 (DFT-D2, the default in wB97X-D and B97-D), 3 for Grimme's DC 2010 (DFT-D3, GAMESS default if DC is requested), or 4 for modified DFT-D3 (DFT-D3(BJ), the default for HF-3C).  If not specified, defaults to what is set on the commandline with the -quantum_mechanics:GAMESS:default_dft_dispersion_corrections flag.
-   **gamess_multiplicity**: The multiplicity.  Typically 1, unless free radicals are present.  If not specified, defaults to what is set on the commandline with the -quantum_mechanics:GAMESS:default_multiplicity flag.
-   **gamess_electron_correlation_treatment**: The electron correlation treatment.  Options are HF, SE (semi-empirical), MP2 (Moller-Plesset perturbation theory 2nd order corrections), or DFT (density functional theory).  If not specified, defaults to what is set on the commandline with the -quantum_mechanics:GAMESS:default_electron_correlation_treatment flag.
-   **gamess_max_scf_iterations**: The number of self-consistent field iteration cycles.  A setting of 0 (the default) uses the GAMESS default (which is 30 in most circumstances).  It is recommended to set this higher for larger peptides or for any protein.  If not specified, defaults to what is set on the commandline with the -quantum_mechanics:GAMESS:default_max_scf_iterations flag.
-   **gamess_use_scf_damping**: If true, Davidson damping is applied to aid SCF convergence when doing GAMESS calculations.  If not specified, defaults to whatever is set on the commandline with the -quantum_mechanics:GAMESS:default_use_scf_damping flag.
-   **gamess_fmo_calculation**: If true, we perform a fragment molecular orbital calculation based on the rules set in the scorefunction for dividing a pose into fragments.  If not specified, defaults to what is set on the commandline with the -quantum_mechanics:GAMESS:gamess_fmo_calculation flag.
-   **gamess_max_fmo_monomer_scf_iterations**: The maximum number of monomer SCF iterations to perform by default.  If not provided, defaults to whatever is provided on the commandline with the -quantum_mechanics:GAMESS:default_max_fmo_monomer_scf_iterations flag.
-   **gamess_hybrid_molecular_orbital**: The precomputed hybrid molecular orbital, listed in the GAMESS HMOs.txt file, that should be used at cutpoint atoms when doing a fragment molecular orbital calculation with GAMESS.  Only used for FMO calculations.  If not specified, defaults to whatever is specified on the commandline with the -quantum_mechanics:GAMESS:gamess_hybrid_molecular_orbital flag.
-   **gamess_symmetry**: The symmetry expected by the gamess_qm_energy energy term.  NONE can always be used, though for symmetric molecules, this makes the QM calculation less efficient than it could be.  Allowed types are: NONE, Cn, Dn, and Sn.  The symmetry of the pose must match the symmetry specfied!  If not specified, this defaults to whatever is set on the commandline with the -quantum_mechanics:GAMESS:gamess_qm_energy_symmetry flag.
-   **gamess_symmetry_n**: The n-fold symmetry expected by the gamess_qm_energy energy term.  This must be an integer greater than 1 if symmetry is Cn or Dn, and an even integer greater than 1 if symmetry is Sn.  Not used if symmetry is NONE.
-   **gamess_fmo_verbosity**: The amount of output in the logfile from an FMO calculation.  The options 'normal', 'reduced', 'small', and 'minimal' correspond to NPRINT=0, 1, 2, and 3 respectively in the $FMOPRP group in the GAMESS input file.  If not specified, defaults to whatever is specified on the commandline with the -quantum_mechanics:GAMESS:fmo_verbosity option.
-   **gamess_qm_energy_geo_opt**: Should the gamess_qm_energy scoreterm geometry-optimize the input pose before returning a final score?  Note that if this option is used, the optimized geometry is NOT returned; only the score.  This is also much slower.  If not specied, defaults to what is set on the commandline with the -quantum_mechanics:GAMESS:gamess_qm_energy_geo_opt flag.
-   **gamess_error_on_nonideal_bond_length_after_opt**: If true, Rosetta will throw an error if a GAMESS geometry optimization breaks a covalent bond (results in nonideal bond lengths over or under a threshold).  If not specied, defaults to what is set on the commandline with the -quantum_mechanics:GAMESS:gamess_error_on_nonideal_bond_length_after_opt flag.
-   **gamess_nonideal_bond_length_fract_threshold**: The fractional threshold for detecting nonideal bond lenghts.  For example, if set to 0.35, Rosetta throws an error if any bond is detected that is 35% longer or shorter than ideal after GAMESS geometry optimization.  If not specied, defaults to what is set on the commandline with the -quantum_mechanics:GAMESS:gamess_nonideal_bond_length_fract_threshold flag.
-   **gamess_geo_opt_max_steps**: The maximum number of geometry optimization steps that will be carried out, if GAMESS is optimizing geometry.  If not specied, defaults to what is set on the commandline with the -quantum_mechanics:GAMESS:gamess_geo_opt_max_steps flag.
-   **gamess_geo_opt_tolerance**: The tolerance for geometry optimization, if GAMESS is optimizing geometry.  If not specied, defaults to what is set on the commandline with the -quantum_mechanics:GAMESS:gamess_geo_opt_max_steps flag.
-   **gamess_immobilize_h_bond_lengths**: If true, use GAMESS IFZMAT to freeze covalent bond lengths to hydrogen atoms to equilibrium values. If not specified, defaults to whatever is set on the commandline with the -quantum_mechanics:GAMESS:gamess_geo_opt_immobilize_h_bond_lengths.
-   **gamess_use_h_bond_length_constraints**: If true, use GAMESS IHMCON to harmonically constrain covalent bond lengths to hydrogen atoms to equilibrium values. If not specified, defaults to whatever is set on the commandline with the -quantum_mechanics:GAMESS:gamess_geo_opt_constrain_h_bond_lengths.
-   **gamess_h_bond_length_constraint_force**: If 'gamess_constrain_h_bond_lengths' is true and this flag is set, set the GAMESS FHMCON constraint force (kcal/mol) to this value. If not specified, defaults to whatever is set on the commandline with the -quantum_mechanics:GAMESS:gamess_geo_opt_h_bond_length_constraint_force.
-   **gamess_freeze_atoms_cart**: List of atom indices to be frozen during geometry optimization; set the GAMESS IFREEZ option to freeze an atom in Cartesian space; incompatible with NZVAR greater than 0 because the constraint is in Cartesian space; default behavior is to not freeze any atoms
-   **gamess_freeze_atoms_by_res_cart**: Atoms given in the format 'ResNum.AtomName' to be frozen during geometry optimization; set the GAMESS IFREEZ option to freeze an atom in Cartesian space; incompatible with NZVAR greater than 0 because the constraint is in Cartesian space; default behavior is to not freeze any atoms
-   **gamess_dftb_taylor_expansion_order**: The density functional tight binding (DFTB) semi-empirical method is fast since it uses only the first few terms of a Taylor series expansion of the Kohn/Sham DFT total energy.  This parameter (equivalent to NDFTB in a GAMESS input file) determines how many terms to use.  Defaults to whatever is set on the commandline with -quantum_mehanics:GAMESS:dftb:gamess_dftb_taylor_expansion_order; can be set to 1, 2, or 3.
-   **gamess_use_dftb_long_range_correction**: This turns on the long range corretion to the DFTB semi-empirical method.  Note that this requires parameters optimized for the long-range correction.  Defaults to whatever is set on the commandline with -quantum_mehanics:GAMESS:dftb:gamess_use_dftb_long_range_correction.  This is equivalent to the LCDFTB option in a GAMESS input file.
-   **gamess_dftb_long_range_correction_parameter**: A configuration parameter for the DFTB long-range correction.  Only used if gamess_use_dftb_long_range_correction is set to true.  Defaults to whatever is set on the commandline with -quantum_mehanics:GAMESS:dftb:gamess_dftb_long_range_correction_parameter.  See the EMU option in the GAMESS documentation for details.
-   **gamess_use_dftb_damping_function_for_X_H**: If true, a damping function for X-H atomic pair interactions is included in the DFTB semi-empirical method.  Requires gamess_dftb_taylor_expansion_order to be set to 3.  See the DAMPXH option in the GAMESS documentation for details.  Defaults to whatever is set on the commandline with -quantum_mehanics:GAMESS:dftb:gamess_use_dftb_damping_function_for_X_H.
-   **gamess_dftb_damping_exponent_for_X_H**: The exponent for the damping function added for X-H atomic pairs.  Only used if gamess_use_dftb_damping_function_for_X_H is set to true.  If not provided, whatever is provided on the commandline with -quantum_mehanics:GAMESS:dftb:gamess_dftb_damping_exponent_for_X_H is used.  See the DAMPEX option in the GAMESS documentation for details.
-   **gamess_use_dftb_shell_resolved_scc**: If true, shell-resolved SCC calculations are performed.  Requires gamess_dftb_taylor_expansion_order to be set to 1 or 2.  Defaults to whatever is provided on the commandline with -quantum_mehanics:GAMESS:dftb:gamess_use_dftb_shell_resolved_scc.  See the SRSCC option in the GAMESS documentation for details.
-   **gamess_dftb_convergence_method**: The convergence method used for SCC calculations.  Defaults to whatever is set on the commandline with the -quantum_mehanics:GAMESS:dftb:gamess_dftb_convergence_method option.  Allowed values are standard, Broyden, DIIS.  See the ITYPMX option in the GAMESS documentation for details.
-   **gamess_dftb_electronic_temperature**: Electronic temperature in Kelvin to help convergence of nearly-degenerate systems.  Defaults to whatever is set on the commandline with -quantum_mehanics:GAMESS:dftb:gamess_dftb_electronic_temperature.  See the ETEMP option in the GAMESS documentation for details.
-   **gamess_dftb_dispersion_model**: The dispersion correction model for DFTB calculations.  Allowed values are NONE, UFF, SK, SKHP, and DFT.  Defaults to whatever is set on the commandline with the -quantum_mehanics:GAMESS:dftb:gamess_dftb_dispersion_model option.  See the DISP option in the GAMESS documentation for details.
-   **gamess_dftb_parameters_directory**: The directory (relative to the GAMESS_path/auxdata/DFTB/ directory) in which DFTB parameters are found.  If not set, the commandline option -quantum_mehanics:GAMESS:dftb:gamess_dftb_parameters_directory is used.  If nothing is set here or on the commandline, this defaults to 3OB-3-1, which is suitable for Taylor expanson level 3 and aqueous solvent.  See the PARAM option in the GAMESS documentation for details.
-   **dump_trajectory_prefix**: If the dump_trajectory scoreterm is used, this is the prefix for the filename to which we're dumping.
-   **dump_trajectory_gz**: If the dump_trajectory scoreterm is used, this determines whether we write to gzipped files.  False by defualt.
-   **dump_trajectory_stride**: If the dump_trajectory scoreterm is used, this is the frequency with which we write.  Every Nth evaluation of the score term, a pose will be written.  Default 1.
-   **voids_penalty_energy_containing_cones_cutoff**: The minimum number of sidechain cones in which a voxel must lie in order for that voxel to be considered to be buried.  Defaults to 6 cones.
-   **voids_penalty_energy_voxel_size**: The voxel size (in Angstroms) used in the voids_penalty score term's calculation.  Default 0.5 Angstroms.
-   **voids_penalty_energy_voxel_grid_padding**: The voxel grid padding (in Angstroms) used in the voids_penalty score term's calculation.  The bounding box for the pose is enlarged on every side by this amount.  Default 1.0 Angstroms.
-   **voids_penalty_energy_cone_dotproduct_cutoff**: The dot product cutoff used in the voids_penalty score term's calculation.  This effectively sets the width of the cone projected along each side-chain when determining the number of neighbors to a test point in space.  The value can range from -1.0 to 1.0, though negative values are not recommended (since they yield cone angles greater than 180 degrees).  Default 0.1.
-   **voids_penalty_energy_cone_distance_cutoff**: The cutoff distance used in the voids_penalty score term's calculation when determining whether a point lies near to a residue.  Default 8.0 Angstroms.
-   **voids_penalty_energy_disabled_except_during_packing**: If true, then the voids_penalty score term is disabled outside of the context of the packer.  If false, then the voids_penalty score term is evaluated for packing and scoring (but not for minimizing).  True by default.
-   **hbnet_bonus_function_ramping**: The hbnet score term's bonus function can scale in different ways as the size of a network grows.  The default is quadratic growth, though linear, logarithmic, and square root growth are all allowed.
-   **hbnet_max_network_size**: The maximum size of a hydrogen bond network, beyond which the hbnet score term no longer gives a bonus.  Defaults to 0 (unlimited).

Subtag **QMConfiguration**:   Defines options for quantum mechanics scoreterms in this scorefunction.

-   **fmo_fragmentation_method**: The fragmentation method to use to divide a large pose into small fragments for fragment molecular orbital methods.  Defaults to carbon_carbon_favouring_residue_based_fragments.  Allowed options are: residue_based_fragments, and carbon_carbon_favouring_residue_based_fragments.

---
