<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
Defines a multi scoring function.  This is a composite scoring function that applies different scoring functions to different regions of a pose, defined using residue selectors.

```xml
<MultiScoreFunction name="(&string;)" dump_pdbs="(false &bool;)" >
    <SimpleCombinationRule name="(&string;)"
            recompute_residue_subsets="(true &bool;)" />
    <Region residue_selector="(&string;)" scorefxn="(&string;)" >
        <SimpleBondResolutionRule name="(&string;)" />
        <CappedBondResolutionRule name="(&string;)"
                peptide_nterm_cap="(acetyl &string;)"
                peptide_cterm_cap="(methylamide &string;)"
                thiol_cap="(sulfhydryl &string;)" other_cap="(methyl &string;)" />
    </Region>
</MultiScoreFunction>
```

-   **dump_pdbs**: FOR DEBUGGING ONLY.  If true, a timestamped PDB file is dumped for each region whenever this scoring function is used to score.  This is very expensive, and produces a great deal of disk output, when used in a production run!  It can also be dangerous when used with MPI or multi-threaded parallel processing, since parallel processes or threads may try to write to disk simultaneously.  False by default.


Subtag **SimpleCombinationRule**:   A MultiScoreFunctionCombinationRule that specifies Russian doll behaviour.  The region selected by the first residue selector is scored with the first scoring function.  The second scoring function is applied to the union of the regions selected by the first and second residue selectors, and then to the residues selected by the first; the energy of the latter is subtracted from the former.  The Nth scoring function is applied to the union fo the regions selected by the first N residue selectors, and then to the union of the first N-1 residue selectors; the energy of the latter is subtracted from the former.  The final energy is the sum of all of these differences.

-   **recompute_residue_subsets**: If true, then every time the multiscorefunction containing this combination rule is applied to a Pose, the residue subset of the region is recomputed. If false, then the first computed residue subset is used throughout. For example, if you are performing a proten-ligand interaction energy calculation using the a multiscorefunction, and if your multiscorefunction uses a residue selector built from a distance-based cutoff from the ligand its neighboring residues, then this flag will have potentially undesired behavior. In an interaction energy calculation, the energy is computed twice: once for the complex and again when the protein and ligand are separated in space. When set to true (default), the residue selector separately is applied to the Pose to determine the residues in the region. This means that the residue subsets composing that region will differ between the complexed and the separated energy calculations. In contrast, if this flag is false, then the initial residue subset created from the complex will be recycled for the energy calculation of the separated protein and ligand. Alternatively, if you use an Index residue selector to partition your scoring regions, then this flag will have no impact on the final result because the regions will be determined the same either way. CRITICAL NOTE regarding thread safety - if this flag is false, then the cached data member corresponding to the residue subsets needs to be updated, which means that if multiple threads are using this same object there will be data racing. Please consider your workflow carefully.

Subtag **Region**:   Defines a region of a pose to score with a particular scorefunction in the context of a multiscorefunction.

-   **residue_selector**: The residue selector defining this region to be scored. The name of a previously declared residue selector or a logical expression of AND, NOT (!), OR, parentheses, and the names of previously declared residue selectors. Any capitalization of AND, NOT, and OR is accepted. An exclamation mark can be used instead of NOT. Boolean operators have their traditional priorities: NOT then AND then OR. For example, if selectors s1, s2, and s3 have been declared, you could write: 's1 or s2 and not s3' which would select a particular residue if that residue were selected by s1 or if it were selected by s2 but not by s3.
-   **scorefxn**: The scoring function to use to score this region.


Subtag **CappedBondResolutionRule**:   A MultiScoreFunctionBondResolutionRule allows chemical capping groups to be added to severed bonds in sub-regions of poses when scored with a MultiScoreFunction.

-   **peptide_nterm_cap**: The type of capping group to add to peptide bonds that are open at the N-terminus.  Allowed types are leave_open, hydrogen, acetyl, and methyl.
-   **peptide_cterm_cap**: The type of capping group to add to peptide bonds that are open at the C-terminus.  Allowed types are leave_open, hydrogen, and methylamide.
-   **thiol_cap**: The type of capping group to add to disulfide bond forming groups that have an open bond.  Allowed types are leave_open, and sulfhydryl.
-   **other_cap**: The type of capping group to add to other open bonds.  Allowed types are leave_open.

---
