<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
This is the RMSD for each residue between the input and the set comparison pose.
  If native is set on the cmd-line and use_native is true, we will use that.
  Default is to calculate all_heavy atoms - but this can be set
.
  Make sure that reference pose and set pose are the same length .   We match all corresponding atoms for each residue to match.   By default we do not fail and are robust - only matching what we can for each residue.

```xml
<PerResidueRMSDMetric name="(&string;)" custom_type="(&string;)"
        output_as_pdb_nums="(&string;)" residue_selector="(&string;)"
        residue_selector_ref="(&string;)" robust="(true &bool;)"
        use_native="(false &bool;)" rmsd_type="(&rmsd_types;)" />
```

-   **custom_type**: Additional setting to prefix/suffix so that many different configured SMs can be called in one RunSimpleMetric run
  Output data name will be prefix+custom_type+type+suffix
-   **output_as_pdb_nums**: If outputting to scorefile use PDB numbering instead of Rosetta (default)
-   **residue_selector**: If a residue selector is present, we only calculate and output metrics for the subset of residues selected.
-   **residue_selector_ref**: Selector for the reference pose (input native or passed reference pose. ).  Residues selected must be same number of residues selected for the main selector.
-   **robust**: Set whether we are robust to atom mismatches for selected residues.  By default we only match atoms that are corresponding. (True).
-   **use_native**: Use the native if present on the cmd-line.
-   **rmsd_type**: Type of calculation.  Current choices are: 
[rmsd_all, rmsd_all_heavy, rmsd_protein_bb_ca, rmsd_protein_bb_heavy, rmsd_protein_bb_heavy_including_O, rmsd_sc, rmsd_sc_heavy]

---
