<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
A metric for counting the number of hydrogen bonds that are internal to a cyclic peptide or other residue selection.  Note that this metric does not count intra-residue hydrogen bonds.

```xml
<PeptideInternalHbondsMetric name="(&string;)" custom_type="(&string;)"
        backbone_backbone="(true &bool;)" backbone_sidechain="(false &bool;)"
        sidechain_sidechain="(false &bool;)"
        exclusion_distance="(1 &non_negative_integer;)"
        hbond_energy_cutoff="(-0.25 &real;)" scorefxn="(&string;)"
        residue_selector="(&string;)" />
```

-   **custom_type**: Allows multiple configured SimpleMetrics of a single type to be called in a single RunSimpleMetrics and SimpleMetricFeatures. 
 The custom_type name will be added to the data tag in the scorefile or features database.
-   **backbone_backbone**: If true, backbone-backbone hydrogen bonds are counted.  True by default.
-   **backbone_sidechain**: If true, backbone-sidechain hydrogen bonds are counted.  False by default.
-   **sidechain_sidechain**: If true, sidechain-sidechain hydrogen bonds are counted.  False by default.
-   **exclusion_distance**: Hydrogen bonds between residues that are N positions apart in terms of covalent connectivity will not be counted if this is set higher than 0.  Set to 1 by default to exclude hydrogen bonds between neighbouring residues.
-   **hbond_energy_cutoff**: The maximum energy of a hydrogen bond, if that hydrogen bond is to be counted.  Defaults to -0.25
-   **scorefxn**: The scorefunction to use for computing hydrogen bonds.  If not provided, the default scoring function is used.
-   **residue_selector**: An optional residue selector that selects the peptide.  If provided, hydrogen bonds within this selection will be counted.  If not, the entire pose will be considered.

---
