<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
A metric for measuring sequence similarity between the trajectry pose and the native pose. Sums the score of each selected position using BLOSUM62 (note that the score of an unmutated pose is almost certainly not 0). Must use the -native flag for this to work correctly.

```xml
<SequenceSimilarityMetric name="(&string;)" custom_type="(&string;)"
        apply_selector_to_native="(false &bool;)" normalize="(true &bool;)"
        residue_selector="(&string;)" />
```

-   **custom_type**: Allows multiple configured SimpleMetrics of a single type to be called in a single RunSimpleMetrics and SimpleMetricFeatures. 
 The custom_type name will be added to the data tag in the scorefile or features database.
-   **apply_selector_to_native**: If true, apply the residue selector to the native pose instead of the given pose.
-   **normalize**: Divide the final score by the number of positions
-   **residue_selector**: Choose which residues are to be counted. The name of a previously declared residue selector or a logical expression of AND, NOT (!), OR, parentheses, and the names of previously declared residue selectors. Any capitalization of AND, NOT, and OR is accepted. An exclamation mark can be used instead of NOT. Boolean operators have their traditional priorities: NOT then AND then OR. For example, if selectors s1, s2, and s3 have been declared, you could write: 's1 or s2 and not s3' which would select a particular residue if that residue were selected by s1 or if it were selected by s2 but not by s3.

---
