<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
A metric for measuring the Shape Complementarity between blocks. Reports the number of good links for each block. A link is defined as acceptable Shape Complementarity between each block and all other blocks.

```xml
<BlockwiseShapeCompMetric name="(&string;)" custom_type="(&string;)"
        min_sc="(0.5 &real;)" min_interface="(0 &real;)"
        max_median_dist="(0 &real;)" scale_by_length="(false &xs:boolean;)"
        selector="(&string;)" />
```

-   **custom_type**: Allows multiple configured SimpleMetrics of a single type to be called in a single RunSimpleMetrics and SimpleMetricFeatures. 
 The custom_type name will be added to the data tag in the scorefile or features database.
-   **min_sc**: Bad link if the calculated sc is less than the given value.
-   **min_interface**: Bad link if the calculated interface area is less than the given value. Required.
-   **max_median_dist**: Bad link if the calculated median distance between the molecular surfaces is greater than the given value.
-   **scale_by_length**: Scale the filtered area by block length.
-   **selector**: Selector to calculate Blocks (required). The name of a previously declared residue selector or a logical expression of AND, NOT (!), OR, parentheses, and the names of previously declared residue selectors. Any capitalization of AND, NOT, and OR is accepted. An exclamation mark can be used instead of NOT. Boolean operators have their traditional priorities: NOT then AND then OR. For example, if selectors s1, s2, and s3 have been declared, you could write: 's1 or s2 and not s3' which would select a particular residue if that residue were selected by s1 or if it were selected by s2 but not by s3.

---
