<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
A metric for estimating the probability of an amino acid at a given position, as predicted by ProteinMPNN.

References and author information for the ProteinMPNNProbabilitiesMetric simple metric:

ProteinMPNNProbabilitiesMetric SimpleMetric's author(s):
Moritz Ertelt, University of Leipzig [moritz.ertelt@gmail.com]

```xml
<ProteinMPNNProbabilitiesMetric name="(&string;)" custom_type="(&string;)"
        write_pssm="(&string;)" residue_selector="(&string;)"
        coord_selector="(&string;)" sequence_mask_selector="(&string;)" >
    <TiedPositions residue_selectors="(&string;)" />
</ProteinMPNNProbabilitiesMetric>
```

-   **custom_type**: Allows multiple configured SimpleMetrics of a single type to be called in a single RunSimpleMetrics and SimpleMetricFeatures. 
 The custom_type name will be added to the data tag in the scorefile or features database.
-   **write_pssm**: Output filename for the psi-blast like position-specific-scoring-matrix to be used with the FavorSequenceProfile Mover
-   **residue_selector**: A residue selector specifying which residue or residues to predict on. If none selected, all are passed.
-   **coord_selector**: Name of a residue selector that selects per-residue coordinates to pass to ProteinMPNN. If none selected, all coordinates are passed.
-   **sequence_mask_selector**: Name of a residue selector that selects positions to be masked.


Subtag **TiedPositions**:   

-   **residue_selectors**: Comma separated list of residue selectors to tie together. The first residues of each selector will be tied together, then the second, etc. Each residue selector must have the same number of residues.

---
