<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
A metric for estimating the probability of an amino acid at a given position, as predicted by the ESM language model.

References and author information for the PerResidueEsmProbabilitiesMetric simple metric:

PerResidueEsmProbabilitiesMetric SimpleMetric's author(s):
Moritz Ertelt, University of Leipzig [moritz.ertelt@gmail.com]  (Wrote the PerResidueEsmProbabilitiesMetric.)

```xml
<PerResidueEsmProbabilitiesMetric name="(&string;)" custom_type="(&string;)"
        model="(&string;)" write_pssm="(&string;)" multirun="(true &bool;)"
        residue_selector="(&string;)" attention_mask_selection="(&string;)" />
```

-   **custom_type**: Allows multiple configured SimpleMetrics of a single type to be called in a single RunSimpleMetrics and SimpleMetricFeatures. 
 The custom_type name will be added to the data tag in the scorefile or features database.
-   **model**: (REQUIRED) Which ESM model to use for the prediction
-   **write_pssm**: Output filename for the psi-blast like position-specific-scoring-matrix to be used with the FavorSequenceProfile Mover
-   **multirun**: Whether to run multirun the network (one inference pass for all selected residues
-   **residue_selector**: A residue selector specifying which residue or residues to predict on. The name of a previously declared residue selector or a logical expression of AND, NOT (!), OR, parentheses, and the names of previously declared residue selectors. Any capitalization of AND, NOT, and OR is accepted. An exclamation mark can be used instead of NOT. Boolean operators have their traditional priorities: NOT then AND then OR. For example, if selectors s1, s2, and s3 have been declared, you could write: 's1 or s2 and not s3' which would select a particular residue if that residue were selected by s1 or if it were selected by s2 but not by s3.
-   **attention_mask_selection**: A residue selector specifying which residues to mask. The name of a previously declared residue selector or a logical expression of AND, NOT (!), OR, parentheses, and the names of previously declared residue selectors. Any capitalization of AND, NOT, and OR is accepted. An exclamation mark can be used instead of NOT. Boolean operators have their traditional priorities: NOT then AND then OR. For example, if selectors s1, s2, and s3 have been declared, you could write: 's1 or s2 and not s3' which would select a particular residue if that residue were selected by s1 or if it were selected by s2 but not by s3.

---
