<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
A metric to measure hydrogen bonds between a set of residues that are water-mediated.

 DEPTH:
  Depth is set to a default of 1 (IE a single water mediates the hydrogen bond).  Make sure to set the -ignore_waters flag to false in order to have Rosetta include the HOH residues.

 SELECTION:
  If one residue selector is given, will calculate bridged water paths between residues of the selection and all [OTHER] residues that are not water, otherwise it will calculate bridges between one selection and another.

If NO SELECTION is give, will report ALL bridged hbonds in a pose [by default without self-water-self hbonds].
 HBONDS:
  Since these are bridged hbonds, and h-bond networks can be rather complex, the numbers
   reported here are the unique h-bond paths from sele1 to sele2.  If you give only a single residue selector, these are bridged hbonds from sele1 to OTHER residues in the pose not including water. Pass the same selection to get internal bridges of a selection.
   By default we do not include mediated hbonds back on itself, but this is an option.

 TIPS:
  It is generally recommended to repack the waters using the OptH TaskOperation before input into this metric, especially if only Oxygens were present.  

  Using the option -include_vrt false will keep all waters present in the resulting structure.  Use the option -corrections::water::wat_rot_sampling 10 to decrease the angle of sampling from a default of 30 to 10 or 15.  This will result in many more rotamers (and run-time), but will improve networks.

  Hydration shells can be calculated by passing selection1 as all waters in the pose, selection2 as the protein or chain, and then reporting only a single depth (with max_depth at 0 and 1) for the first and second shell waters. Post-processing will be needed.
  Finally, it is generally recommended to use the -beta_nov16 and -genpot scorefunctions as this can result in better h-bond detection.  Both of these have been published and can be turned on together using the -beta flag.

 AUTHORS:
  Jared Adolf-Bryfogle (jadolfbr@gmail.com)
   Citation: De-Novo Glycan Modeling in Rosetta (drafting)

  Ryan Pavlovicz (Rosetta-ECO: Explicit Consideration of cOordinated water)   Citation: 'Efficient consideration of coordinated water molecules improves computational protein- protein and protein-ligand docking', biorxiv, PLOS CB in-review

```xml
<WaterMediatedHbondMetric name="(&string;)" custom_type="(&string;)"
        output_as_pdb_nums="(false &bool;)" residue_selector="(&string;)"
        residue_selector2="(&string;)" depth="(1 &positive_integer;)"
        include_only_set_depth="(false &bool;)" include_self="(false &bool;)"
        include_virt_waters="(false &bool;)" />
```

-   **custom_type**: Allows multiple configured SimpleMetrics of a single type to be called in a single RunSimpleMetrics and SimpleMetricFeatures. 
 The custom_type name will be added to the data tag in the scorefile or features database.
-   **output_as_pdb_nums**: If outputting to scorefile use PDB numbering+chain instead of Rosetta (1 - N numbering)
-   **residue_selector**: If a residue selector is present, we only calculate and output metrics for the subset of residues selected.
-   **residue_selector2**: Optional Selector to measure water-mediated hbonds between residues in each selection, instead of between residues within a single selector.  If NO selector is given, will calculate ALL bridged hbonds between all residues.
-   **depth**: Depth we will go to find hbond (paths). A depth of one (default) means a single water mediates the hydrogen bond(s).
-   **include_only_set_depth**: Only calculate hbond paths AT the specific depth instead of UP TO AND INCLUDING that depth.
-   **include_self**: Set to include self-self hydrogen bonds: Ex: resJ - water - resJ
-   **include_virt_waters**: After (OptH) water packing, some waters become HOH_V if they don't match certain ref energy.
Set this option to true to incude them in our calculation if they are still virts.
Note: The option -include_vrt false will have them all be HOH during packing. Use if you are packing water oxygens from a crystal.

---
