<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
Authors: Jared Adolf-Bryfogle (jadolfbr@gmail.com) and Frank Dimaio (fdimaio@gmail.com)
Calculate either a correlation (match_res true) or zscore related to the fit to the density.  Uses internal density tools to do so.  Numbers and cutoffs match well with Coot's density fit analysis tool. Zscore uses weighted sum of density, density-compared-to-neighbors, rama (where applicable) and cart_bonded to compute)  Correlation is same values used to calculate density scores.  Zscore reference is here: eLife 2016, Dimaio

```xml
<PerResidueDensityFitMetric name="(&string;)" custom_type="(&string;)"
        output_as_pdb_nums="(false &bool;)" residue_selector="(&string;)"
        sliding_window_size="(3 &positive_integer;)" match_res="(false &bool;)"
        mixed_sliding_window="(false &bool;)"
        use_selector_as_zscore_mask="(true &bool;)" />
```

-   **custom_type**: Allows multiple configured SimpleMetrics of a single type to be called in a single RunSimpleMetrics and SimpleMetricFeatures. 
 The custom_type name will be added to the data tag in the scorefile or features database.
-   **output_as_pdb_nums**: If outputting to scorefile use PDB numbering+chain instead of Rosetta (1 - N numbering)
-   **residue_selector**: If a residue selector is present, we only calculate and output metrics for the subset of residues selected.
-   **sliding_window_size**: Sliding window size for density calculation
-   **match_res**: Use density correlation instead of a zscore to fit to density
-   **mixed_sliding_window**: Use a window size of 3 for protein and 1 for glycans.  May skew results.
-   **use_selector_as_zscore_mask**: Use the selector as true mask to calculate the Zscore.  Otherwise, use it just as a selection for computation.  Default true.

---
