<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
Author: Jared Adolf-Bryfogle (jadolfbr@gmail.com)
A SimpleMetric that takes a PerResidueRealMetric and calculates different summaries of the overall data.
  This metric can calculate means, totals, or the number of residues (n_res) matching certain criteria. 
  Useful for summarizing metrics or using more complex functionality in the SimpleMetricFilter

  Be sure to set a custom_type to label the summary type in which you are calculating!.

```xml
<ResidueSummaryMetric name="(&string;)" custom_type="(&string;)"
        epsilon="(.0001 &real;)" metric="(&string;)"
        action="(mean &summary_types;)" action_value="(&real;)"
        use_cached_data="(false &bool;)" cache_prefix="(&string;)"
        cache_suffix="(&string;)" fail_on_missing_cache="(true &bool;)" />
```

-   **custom_type**: Allows multiple configured SimpleMetrics of a single type to be called in a single RunSimpleMetrics and SimpleMetricFeatures. 
 The custom_type name will be added to the data tag in the scorefile or features database.
-   **epsilon**: Significant digits used for equal operators

 IE:
  The absolute value of the difference between two numbers, below which they will be considered to be equal.
  Used when comparing numbers if action = n_res_eq or n_res_ne.
-   **metric**: The PerResidueRealMetric that we will summarize
-   **action**: Summary type that this metric should calculate.  Current choices are:
[mean, n_res_eq, n_res_gt, n_res_gt_or_eq, n_res_lt, n_res_lt_or_eq, n_res_ne, sum]
-   **action_value**: Number to use for any summary metrics that calculate N residues based on a value.
-   **use_cached_data**: Use any data stored in the datacache that matches the set metrics name (and any prefix/suffix.)  Data is stored during a SimpleMetric's apply function, which is called during RunSimpleMetrics
-   **cache_prefix**: Any prefix used during apply (RunSimpleMetrics), that we will match on if use_cache is true
-   **cache_suffix**: Any suffix used during apply (RunSimpleMetrics), that we will match on if use_cache is true
-   **fail_on_missing_cache**: If use_cached_data is True and cache is not found, should we fail?

---
