<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
For use when designing with symmetric building blocks. Prevents repacking at residues that are: 1) distant from the inter-building block interface, or 2) near the inter-building block interface, but also make intra-building block interface contacts that are not clashing.

```xml
<BuildingBlockInterface name="(&string;)"
        nsub_bblock="(1 &non_negative_integer;)"
        sym_dof_names="(XRW TO DO &string;)" contact_dist="(10.0 &real;)"
        bblock_dist="(5.0 &real;)" fa_rep_cut="(3.0 &real;)"
        filter_intrabb="(true &bool;)" intrabb_only="(false &bool;)"
        multicomp="(false &bool;)" />
```

-   **nsub_bblock**: The number of subunits in the symmetric building block (e.g., 3 for a trimer). This option is not needed for multicomponent systems.
-   **sym_dof_names**: Names of the sym_dofs corresponding to the symmetric building blocks. (Eventually replace the need for this option by having is_singlecomponent or is_multicomponent utility functions). If no sym_dof_names are specified, then they will be extracted from the pose.
-   **contact_dist**: Residues with beta carbons not within this distance of any beta carbon from another building block are prevented from repacking.
-   **bblock_dist**: The all-heavy atom cutoff distance used to specify residues that are making inter-subunit contacts within the building block. Because these residues are making presumably important intra-building block interactions, they are prevented from repacking unless they are clashing.
-   **fa_rep_cut**: The cutoff used to determine whether residues making inter-subunit contacts within the building block are clashing.
-   **filter_intrabb**: Filter intra-building block interactions?
-   **intrabb_only**: Only intra-building block residues?
-   **multicomp**: If true, system has more than one component. If false, it is a single component system.

---
