<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
Specify groups of residues that should be mutated together. For example, if one residue in the group is mutated to Cys, all the residues in that group will be mutated to Cys. This task operation is meant for situations where you want to design a homo-multimer, but you don't want to use symmetry mode (perhaps because your monomers aren't geometrically symmetrical).

```xml
<LinkResidues name="(&string;)" template_group="(&string;)" >
    <LinkGroup group="(&string;)" />
    <linkgroup group="(&string;)" />
</LinkResidues>
```

-   **template_group**: XRW TO DO


Subtag **LinkGroup**:   A group of residues should keep the same amino acid identity. Use the group=(some string) option to specify a comma-separated list of residue numbers (in rosetta numbering) which residues make up the group. For example, group="1,2" ensures that the first and second residues will keep the same identity. You can make as many groups as you like by specifying multiple LinkGroup subtags.

-   **group**: (REQUIRED) group amino acids that should mutate together

Subtag **linkgroup**:   A group of residues should keep the same amino acid identity. Use the group=(some string) option to specify a comma-separated list of residue numbers (in rosetta numbering) which residues make up the group. For example, group="1,2" ensures that the first and second residues will keep the same identity. You can make as many groups as you like by specifying multiple LinkGroup subtags.

-   **group**: (REQUIRED) group amino acids that should mutate together

---
