<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
OperateOnResidueSubset is a TaskOperation that applies one or more ResLevelTaskOperations to the residues indicated by a ResidueSelector. The ResidueSelector can either be previously defined, or constructed as a subtag beneath the main tag, or can be composed using boolean AND, OR, and ! (not) operations using the selector_logic attribute.

```xml
<OperateOnResidueSubset name="(&string;)" selector="(&string;)"
        selector_logic="(&string;)" residue_level_operations="(&string;)" >
    <Residue Selector Tag ... />
    <ResidueLevelTaskOperation Tag ... />
</OperateOnResidueSubset>
```

-   **selector**: Residue selector that indicates to which residues the operation will be applied. The name of a previously declared residue selector or a logical expression of AND, NOT (!), OR, parentheses, and the names of previously declared residue selectors. Any capitalization of AND, NOT, and OR is accepted. An exclamation mark can be used instead of NOT. Boolean operators have their traditional priorities: NOT then AND then OR. For example, if selectors s1, s2, and s3 have been declared, you could write: 's1 or s2 and not s3' which would select a particular residue if that residue were selected by s1 or if it were selected by s2 but not by s3.
-   **selector_logic**: Logically combine already-delcared ResidueSelectors using boolean AND, OR, and ! (not) operators. As convnetional, ! (not) has the highest precedence, then AND, then OR. Parentheses may be used to group operations together.
-   **residue_level_operations**: A comma-separated list of residue-level-task operations that will be retrieved from the DataMap.


"Residue Selector Tag": Any of the [[ResidueSelectors]]

"ResidueLevelTaskOperation Tag": Any of the [[Residue Level TaskOperations]]

---
