<!-- THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE: Don't edit it directly, instead change the schema definition in the code itself. -->

_Autogenerated Tag Syntax Documentation:_

---
This task operation will query a database for a resfile string. The table in the database should have a column named 'resfile' and a (key) column named 'tag'. The 'selection_tag' attribute for this task operation should be used to say which row to query from the database.

```xml
<ReadResfileFromDB name="(&string;)" database_table="(&string;)"
        table="(&string;)" selection_tag="(&string;)"
        residue_selector="(&string;)" db_session_name="(&string;)"
        transaction_mode="(standard &database_transaction_mode_string;)"
        database_mode="(&database_mode_string;)" database_name="(&string;)"
        database_pq_schema="(&string;)"
        database_separate_db_per_mpi_process="(&bool;)"
        database_partition="(&integer;)" database_read_only="(&bool;)"
        database_host="(&string;)" database_user="(&string;)"
        database_password="(&string;)" database_port="(&non_negative_integer;)"
        batch_description="(&string;)" protocol_id="(&non_negative_integer;)"
        batch_id="(&non_negative_integer;)" use_transactions="(&bool;)"
        cache_size="(2000 &non_negative_integer;)"
        remove_xray_virt="(false &bool;)"
        relevant_residues_mode="(explicit &report_to_db_relevant_residues_mode;)" />
```

-   **database_table**: The table in the database from which to read
-   **table**: The table in the database from which to read (same as database_table)
-   **selection_tag**: (REQUIRED) The tag to use to identify the row in the indicated table that will be read from for the indicated job. In JD3, this can/should be combined with the script_vars flag so that different jobs can read different resfiles. This is a marked departure from the JD2 functionality which relied on the global data representing the currently-running job. That functionality is now removed.
-   **residue_selector**: Optionally, a previously-defined ResidueSelector may be specified using the residue_selector=(some string) option. If this is used, then the ResidueSelector is used as a mask, and the ReadResfile TaskOperation is applied only to those residues selected by the ResidueSelector, even if the resfile lists other residues as well.
-   **db_session_name**: The name for the (previously declared) DatabaseSession object to retrieve from the DataMap; if this option is given, then it will take precedence over the other database-session-defining attributes that are also allowed for this element. DatabaseSession objects are declared in the DATABASE_SESSIONS top-level block in RosettaScripts.
-   **transaction_mode**: Transaction mode for database output
-   **database_mode**: Which type of output database to use?
-   **database_name**: Name of output database
-   **database_pq_schema**: Schema name within the database
-   **database_separate_db_per_mpi_process**: Use a separate database for each MPI process? (sqlite3 only.) Incompatible with database_partition.
-   **database_partition**: Database partition to use. (sqlite3 only.) Incompatible with database_separate_db_per_mpi_process.
-   **database_read_only**: Is the database read-only? (sqlite3 only)
-   **database_host**: URI to the database server (postgres and mysql only)
-   **database_user**: Username for database access( postgres and mysql only)
-   **database_password**: Password for database access (postgres and mysql only)
-   **database_port**: Port to use for access to database server (postgres only)
-   **batch_description**: Description of features database
-   **protocol_id**: Manually controls protocol_id associated with this ReportToDB tag. Autoincrements by default.
-   **batch_id**: Manually controls the batch_id associated with this ReportToDB tag. Autoincrements by default.
-   **use_transactions**: Use transactions to group database i/o to be more efficient. Turning them off can help debugging.
-   **cache_size**: Specify the maximum number 1k pages to keep in memory before writing to disk.
-   **remove_xray_virt**: Remove virtual residue attached during xray refine process
-   **relevant_residues_mode**: Determine what features are reported given the relevant residues

---
